BARBADOS MERCURY,
AND BRIDGE-TOWN GAZETTE.

SIX DOLLARS PER ANNUM.]

TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1816.

[PAYABLE IN ADVANCE

AT a Meeting of the General Assembly of this Island, at Free-Masons'-Hall, on Monday the 12th day of Aug. 1816, pursuant to adjournment.

PRESENT,

The Honorable JOHN BECKLES, SPEAKER.

THOMAS WILLIAMS, JOSEPH LEACOCK,
ROBERT HAYNES, JOHN R. BEST,
JOHN SULLEVAN, W. ADAMSON,
ROBERT J. HAYNES, FRANCIS HINDS,
JOHN P. MAYERS, JOHN G. ALLEYNE,
GEORGE WILLIAMS, JAMES ALLEYNE,
JOHN H. PINDER, THOMAS W. O'NEAL,
RICHARD SKINNER, JOS. W. JORDAN,
JOSHUA B. NURSE, and
JOHN LOSH, R. COBHAM, Jun. ESQ.

THE Minutes of the last Meeting were ordered to be read.

Mr. Hinds came into the House and took his seat.

When the Clerk came to that part of the Minutes respecting Mr. Sullevan's motion for Thanks to Lt.-Colonel Best, Mr. Sullevan rose and expressed himself as follows:—

"Mr. Speaker—Allow me, Sir, to explain a motion made by me at our last sitting, which, as it now stands, neither does justice to my own feelings nor to the merits of a set of men who deserve well of their Country. I moved a vote of Thanks to Colonel Best exclusively, I am told;—if I did so, the omission proceeded from that inadvertency and embarrassment incidental to an unpractised Speaker; and I eagerly embrace this opportunity publicly to declare, that I meant by my motion to convey the high sense which this House entertains of the services of the Officers and privates of Christ Church Battalion, and of their Commanding Officer, Colonel Best. Fortune bestowed upon this Gentleman an opportunity to distinguish himself, and he did not suffer it to be lost: But who were the instruments of his success? Assuredly, the troops he commanded. I, Sir, have been the lowest Officer in the Christ Church Battalion, and I have also had the honor to be the highest Officer in it; and the remembrance of that connexion from its Commencement to its termination, will ever be associated in my mind with ideas of pleasure and happiness.—Did not, then, a sense of justice urge me to pay the well-merited tribute of praise to the gallant exertions of this Battalion, gratitude and affection to my old comrades would compel me to do it."

Lieut.-Colonel Best said, that he had great pleasure in hearing an explanation of his colleague and friend, Colonel Sullivan, as he felt the liveliest interest in whatever concerned the honour and credit of his Corps.

The Minutes were confirmed.

The Speaker informed the House, that he had, in obedience to their directions, conveyed to Colonel Codd the Thanks of the House to him and to the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Privates of the Garrison of Saint Ann's, and that he had received an answer from the Colonel, which, if the House pleased, he would have read, together with his letter to Colonel Codd; which being ordered, were read as follows:—

Bay Plantation, Aug 8, 1816

SIR—By order of the House of Assembly, in a full House, when every Member was present, I have the honor of transmitting to you the unanimous and grateful Thanks of the House to you, and to the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Privates, of the Garrison of St. Ann's, for the eminent services rendered by you and them to this Country, by speedily and without waste of blood putting a stop to the late dangerous Insurrection of the Slaves, which, in its commencement, threatened the destruction of the Island.—I cannot do justice to the high opinion which the House of Assembly entertain of your conduct, without conveying it to you in their own language. I therefore enclose copies of the Votes of Thanks, and request that you will be pleased to communicate the Thanks of the House to the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Privates, of the Garrison of St. Ann's.—The sentiments expressed in these Votes are not confined to the House of Assembly—as far as my observations go, they are the sentiments of every Member of the Community.

Having long had the honor of your acquaintance, and no stranger to your exemplary conduct at the different times that you have been stationed in this Island, and being also an eye-witness to the promptitude and zeal with which you marched against the Insurgents, I beg leave to assure you, Sir, that I feel most highly flattered and gratified that it has fallen to my lot to be the instrument of handing to you this Testimony of the regard and good opinion of the Inhabitants of this Country.

I have the honor to be, with the highest esteem, Sir, your most faithful and obedient servant,

JOHN BECKLES,
Speaker of the House of Assembly.

To Colonel Codd, &c. &c. &c.

"Resolved—That the Thanks of this House be given to Edward Codd, Esq. Colonel in His Majesty's Army, Lt.-Colonel of the 2d Batt. 60th Regt. of Foot, Commandant of the Garrison of St. Ann's, and General of the Militia of this Island, for the great and important services which he rendered to this Island during the late unfortunate Rebellion of the Slaves; for his prompt and decisive measures, his vigilant and unremitted exertions, and his judicious arrangement of the Forces under his command, by which good order, tranquillity, and security, were in a short time restored; as well as for his humane interference, whereby all unnecessary effusion of human blood was prevented.

"Resolved—That the Thanks of this House be given to the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Privates, of St. Ann's Garrison, for the prompt, spirited, and efficient aid rendered to the Inhabitants of this Island, during the late calamitous Insurrection of the Slaves."

St. Ann's, Barbados, 9th Aug 1816

SIR—I have had the honor to receive your letter dated yesterday, conveying to myself, the Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Privates, of this Garrison, the very flattering opinion which the House of Assembly has been pleased to express of our services during the late Insurrection of the Slaves; and I beg you will assure the House, that I feel and gratefully acknowledge this high distinction.

The House of Assembly has much overrated my own efforts on that occasion;—prompt and energetic measures seemed to me necessary, and they were adopted, equally to suppress the Insurgents, and to spare the effusion of the blood of those who, from delusion, had been excited to acts of rebellion by mischievous persons.

The expression of your own good opinion will ever be remembered by me with gratitude, and the favourable sentiments which you assure me so generally prevail in this Community, cannot but (and really does) prove highly satisfactory to my feelings.

I have the honor to be, with the highest respect, Sir, your much obliged, humble servant,

EDWARD CODD, Col.

The Hon. John Beckles,
Speaker of the House of Assembly.

Mr. Mayers, as Chairman of the Committee appointed at the last Meeting to prepare an Address in Answer to the Governor's Speech, presented the same, which (by order) was read in these words:—

"To His Excellency Sir James Leith, Knight Grand Cross of the Most Honorable Military Order of the Bath, His Majesty's Captain-General, Governor, and Commander in Chief of this Island, Chancellor, Ordinary, and Vice Admiral of the same.

"May it please your Excellency,

"We the Representatives of the People of this Island in General Assembly assembled, beg leave to return your Excellency our Thanks for the Speech which you were graciously pleased to make to the Legislature at the last Meeting.

"Although we cannot but regret, in common with your Excellency, the calamities under which a part of this Island has lately suffered, we join with you in the hope that the tranquillity of the Colony is now firmly established.

"We beg leave to assure your Excellency, that we never can lose the deep sense which we entertain of your Excellency's personal exertions in removing the delusion under which the unhappy and misguided slaves were led into the commission of the late enormities, and in strengthening their minds against the artful misrepresentations of vicious and designing persons. We recollect, with feelings of the deepest sorrow, the necessary punishment which the offended laws inflicted upon these unhappy victims, but trust that the entire exposition which your Excellency has given to the Slave Population, of their condition, has restored and will secure the permanent tranquillity of the Island.

"The liberal conduct of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, in unanimously adopting the suggestion of the advocates of the Colonies, imperiously demands from this and from every other Colony, that they should give their earliest and most serious consideration, with a view to their improvement, to the state of their legislative enactments; and as soon as we have obeyed the more urgent calls of business which press heavily upon us, our attention will be turned to the revision of the Statute Book of Barbados.

"The Laws which relate to the formation of a Militia for the security of the Colony, and to the free people of colour, demand and shall obtain our most serious consideration; and we beg leave to assure your Excellency, that no means shall be left unattempted on our part to improve the condition and confirm the happiness of the Slave Population of this Island.

"To those who enjoy the benefits of the Christian dispensation, nothing could be more gratifying than to extend those advantages to every quarter of the globe, and the happiest results might be expected from impressing on the minds of the slaves the mild duties and the spirit of obedience inculcated by that religion.

"As soon as the Estimates which your Excellency has directed to be prepared, of the expences which have been incurred by the advice of His Majesty's Privy Council, for quartering the troops, are laid laid before us, we will apply ourselves to the consideration of the means of providing for those, and what further expences it may be deemed advisable to incur.

"Provision shall also be made for meeting whatever other expences may have been unavoidably incurred during the late calamitous circumstances, and for upholding such establishments as may be found necessary for the internal security of the Colony.

"The zealous and active exertions of His Majesty's Forces demand from this House their most grateful acknowledgments, yet we cannot but indulge in feelings of the proudest self-congratulation, when we contemplate the anxious and unremitted co-operation of our native constitutional force.

"We recognise, with grateful thanks, the hand of Providence, shown as well in the speedy and entire suppression of the late dangerous insurrection, as in the ample return which the present year has realized, and the succeeding promises to our agricultural labours.

"Confiding in the experience of the past, we have the firmest reliance on your Excellency's constant attention to the promoting the interest of this Island, maintaining the just rights of the Parent State, and fulfilling the high Authorities with which you are invested, to the reciprocal benefit of Great Britain and this Colony."

The Address was agreed to, and Mr. Speaker, by the direction of the House, signed the same, and it was sent up to His Excellency by Mr. Jordan and Mr. Cobham.

Mr. Mayers moved, that an Answer should be sent to His Excellency the Governor's Message of the 6th and 7th inst. which being agreed to, the following answer was prepared and sent up to His Excellency by Mr. Jordan and Mr. Cobham:—

"The House of Assembly respectfully informs His Excellency the Governor, that they received his several Messages of the 6th and 7th instant, which they will avail themselves of the earliest opportunity to take into consideration."

Mr. Pinder rose and said—

"Mr. Speaker—It is, no doubt, in the recollection of this House, that almost at the close of the existence of the last, a Bill was sent down from the Council, which had passed that Board, repealing the Manumission Act, passed by the Legislature during the Administration, and on the recommendation of Lord Seaforth. The Bill did not then obtain the concurrence of the House of Assembly, in consequence of there being an opinion, I believe, entertained by some of the Members, that it would be, perhaps, better to permit Manumissions without any deposit money at all; and the question was at that time laid aside, until Gentlemen should make up their minds on it. In the mean time, that House of Representatives expired.—I was not, Sir, amongst the number of those who entertained any doubt as to the propriety of the projected repeal, precisely in the form in which it came down from the Council; and I therefore took the first opportunity afforded me by the meeting of a new House of Assembly to give effect to the measure, by asking and obtaining its leave to introduce a fresh Bill for the purpose.

"Experience, the best if not the only proof of the wisdom or impolicy of all legislative enactments, has taught us, that the present Manumission Act, so far from having the good effect proposed by it, has been productive of much evil, inasmuch as it has inundated the Colony with persons freed under the Seals of Mayors of different Corporations in the United Kingdom, many of whom, I will venture to assert, would have been freed under the law which I propose now to renew, had it continued in force, and not have been superseded by the other; whilst not more, probably, than fifteen to twenty five persons have been manumitted under the present Bill.

"What I think highly proper is, that there should be a sum of money deposited on a Manumission Deed, for the purpose of keeping the unfortunate Slave Owner, if any such there be, from the trouble and expence of sustaining, in helpless old age, the slave by whose strength and labour he had profited, and cast him for support upon the most precarious of all means of subsistence, the eleemosynary bounty of others.—In this form, therefore, I have had the Bill drawn, which I now submit to the consideration of the House, and I move that it be read." And his motion being seconded by Mr. Jordan, the same was read.

Mr. Mayers, Mr. Best, and Mr. Jordan, offered some observations on the subject of the Bill.

Mr. Pinder moved that the Bill be read a second time; but being opposed by Mr. Robert James Haynes, who was seconded by Mr. Williams, the question was by order put on the second reading, when the Members voted as follows:—

For the second reading—Mr. Cobham, Mr. Pinder, Mr. O'Neal, Mr. Jordan, Mr. Leacock, Mr. J. Alleyne, Mr. Losh, Mr. G. Alleyne, Mr. Mayers, Mr. Best, Mr. Nurse, Mr. Skinner, Mr. Sullevan, Mr. Hinds, Mr. Haynes, Mr. Speaker.

Against the second reading—Mr. Thomas Williams, Mr. Adamson, Mr. Robert James Haynes, Mr. George Williams.

The majority of the Members being in favour of the second reading, the Bill was accordingly read the second reading, the same was then read a third time and passed the House unanimously, and was directed to be delivered over to the Clerk of the Council, to be laid before them; which was accordingly done.

Mr. Mayers rose, and after expressing himself in terms of commendation of the very liberal and feeling conduct manifested by His Excellency the Governor relative to the sum of £4000. a year, voted to him at the first sitting of the House, of which he himself had, by his own act, surrendered one thousand pounds, said that he had prepared another Bill, making the sum only £3000. a year, agreeably to the wishes of His Excellency, who had declared that he would accept no more, considering the present exhausted state, owing to the calamitous consequences of the recent Insurrection; he therefore moved that it be read; and his motion being seconded by Mr. Pinder, the Bill was read a first, second, and third time, and passed the House unanimously, and was directed to be delivered over to the Clerk of the Council, to be laid before them; which was accordingly done.

Mr. Mayers agreeably to leave granted him at the last sitting, presented a Bill "for regulating the Militia of this Island," and moved that it be read; which being seconded by Mr. Pinder, the same was read as far as the 14th clause, when Mr. Pinder moved that the House be adjourned; and the same being agreed to—

The House, in the afternoon, at a quarter after four o'clock, was adjourned, to meet the next morning at ten o'clock, at this place.

Certified by JOHN R. PHILLIPS, Clk. of Gen. Assem.

BRIDGE-TOWN.

"Sit mihi fas audita loqui,"—et que ad Rempublicam pertinent in lucem proferre.

TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10.

HIS Majesty's ship Antelope, bearing the Flag of Admiral Harvey, arrived yesterday. Also the Mackay Mail-boat, Carter, last from St. Vincent.

Entered at the Custom-house—Brigs Amelia, from Boston; Sir John T. Duckworth, Bermuda; James, New-Brunswick; and schooner Waterloo, Porto Rico.

Cleared—Brigs Robert Quayle, for Liverpool; Lavinia, New-Brunswick; and schooner Waterloo, Porto Rico.

DEMERARA, Aug. 28, 1816.

By the schooner Caledonia, arrived on Monday evening from Angostura, we learn, that the predatory system of warfare hitherto carried on between the Royalists and Independents in the neighbourhood of that city, continues with unabated fury. The army of the latter party, composed of 5000 men, has recently obtained some very important advantages over their opponents; whose numbers, from being perpetually harassed, were reduced to 700, 200 of whom were horse. This is likely to check the further progress of the patriots, who being very indifferently provided with the munitions of war.

In consequence of these unfavourable omens to the royal cause, an embargo had been laid on all vessels in the port of Angostura (except British) with a view, it is supposed, of facilitating the escape of the royal troops, in the event of the patriots gaining possession of the place. The British, it appears, are allowed to trade without being molested by either party.

We have no further accounts of General Morillo, nor of General Bolivar's advancing expedition; the latter was said to be near Caraccas, where there was no force adequate to make a stand against him.

Admiral Harvey, arrived yesterday.

Our friends would do well to bear in mind, that the object of these banks, or rather the business of these banks, is, or should be, three-fold,—in the first place, the secure deposit of small savings,—and secondly, the regular transference of these sums, when amounting to a certain sum, to the public Funds,—and thirdly, the regular receipt of the dividends, and the regular application of them upon the principle of compound interest.

2. The first subject of examination, therefore, when any plan is laid before you, or when you are applying to deposit with any one, is, how far their private plan is sufficient for these objects, namely, first, what is the security,——secondly, by what means is it compulsory, that is to say, how is the transference to the public Funds,—and thirdly, what means are provided to enable you to assure yourself, upon proof, that the dividends are received and applied upon the principle of compound interest to the benefit of the Institution.

3. Upon the first and most important point,—that of the security of the Saving Bank, the intended applicant should proceed prudently in examining, name by name, the list of the managing and superintending committee; and in this examination, to make the necessary distinction between the mere Patrons and the Committee. The Patrons, for example, the Royal Family, the Archbishops of Canterbury and York, the Chancellor, &c. are of course in no way responsible as securities for the concern; they merely give their names to it as to a charitable Institution, and perhaps know nothing more of it than that its professed object is in relief and aid. The securities are the managing and superintending committee. If any of these are public characters,—Members of Parliament, London Bankers of established credit, &c. it is sufficient—if not, then no one could prudently trust them with his money except upon his own personal knowledge of them and every thing before the bar of the Legislature.

The due management of the money—the transference of it, upon reaching a certain sum, to the public funds, and the due receipt and application of the dividends, can only be insured by a judicious plan for the institution, and by a regular and assiduous execution of it both by the Committee who manage and by the Committee who superintend, and from time to time investigate. How far the plan proposed or that of any existing Saving Bank may be adapted to ensure these purposes, every one may judge by an attentive perusal and consideration of it. Or a surer, and certainly easier judgment may be formed, by comparing the proposed plan with the plans of other Banks already tried and proved—for example, with the plans of the Southampton and Bath Saving Banks.

In some of our future papers, we shall return to the consideration of this subject, and by the comparison of several plans, endeavour to point out what we regard to be the best suited to towns and villages. As a guard against speculators, we have deemed it necessary to give the above cautions.

NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.

MR. R. COLLYMORE, Jun. having qualified to the estate of his father, Dr. J. Collymore, takes the earliest opportunity of assuring the creditors, that it is his most anxious wish to close the concerns as speedily as possible; but, in order to the attainment of that desirable end, it is absolutely requisite that all persons indebted to the estate should make immediate payment.

Christ Church, Sept. 10—2i.

MR. R. COLLYMORE, Jun. has petitioned His Excellency the Governor for Letters of Administration to the estate of Dr. J. Collymore. He requests that the demands against the said estate be sent in to him as early as possible; and all persons indebted, to make early payment, as it is of great importance to bring his affairs to an immediate close. Sept. 10—3i.

NOTICE is hereby given, that Quamine Prince Duncan Niles hath petitioned His Excellency the Governor for Letters of Administration to the estate of Samuel Goddard, free black man, deceased. Sept. 10—3i.

TO BE SOLD,

The Estate called BAGATELLIE, situated in the Parish of St. Thomas, and consisting of 165 acres. For particulars apply to John Lucomel, Esq. Bridge-Town, or to the subscriber, on the premises.

Sept 10—2i. W. C. MOORE.

FOR SALE,

HAMS singly or by the tierce; London bottled porter, slender beer by the tierce or dozen, kegs of beef for family use, do. tongues; kegs of nails, 6d. 4d 10d.; soda water, Russia sheeting, youths' half stockings, men's do.; refined sugar, &c.

Sept. 10—2i. R. S. WICKHAM.

FOR SALE,

A Handsome Creole PONY, sound, young, and perfect in all his paces. For particulars apply at this Office. Sept. 10—2a.

NOW landing, candles, old soap, July butter, beef and pork in barrels and half barrels, and a few dozen of very superior claret, for sale at the stores of ROBERT STEWART; who wants a lot of good sugars.

Company's Row, Sept. 10—2n.

PUBLIC SALES.

ON Monday next will be sold at Mr. Whitaker's House, three valuable Slaves—a woman, a complete field negro and washer, and her son and daughter, the former 10, and the latter 13 years old.

Sept. 10—2a.

TWENTY Slaves will be sold on Monday next the 16th inst. between the usual hours of twelve and four, at the house of Mr. Whitaker, opposite the Theatre.—They are house and field people.

Marshal's Office, Sept. 10—2i.

35 American Horses will be sold to the highest bidder, at the stables of Edward B. Walcott & Co. on Thursday next the 12th inst. amongst which are three excellent pairs, and some choice saddle horses.—Sale to commence at twelve o'clock precise.

ON Wednesday next will be sold at the store of the subscriber, all the Effects of the late Deputy Assistant Commissary-General Watson.

Sept. 10. W. FARLEY.

On Thursday next will be sold at the store of the subscriber,

60 Dozen superior Irish, and 5 cases Medoc, claret; ten cases hock, 10 cases British champagne, beer and porter; a quantity of dry-goods assorted; butter, candles, rounds beef, cocoa, coffee;—a quantity of books, among which a most excellent edition of Inchbald's British Theatre; flour, crackers, Navy bread, hams, a pair pier-glasses, hessian and top boots, shoes, mattresses, several articles of household furniture, and a grand piano forte.

Sept. 10. H. FARLEY.

MR WALL will sell his Place of Residence—the price is very moderate, and the terms of payment will be made easy. He has also for sale, pianos of every description, all of which are highly finished, and particularly made for the climate of the West Indies, and will be sold for much less than they can be imported by any other person. Sept. 10—2i.

THE subscriber will be landing this week (for sale) Pitch Pine Scantling, Red Oak Staves, 22 inch Cypress Shingles, and Deal Lumber.

Sept. 10. ROBERT HARRIS.

N.B. A few casks molasses wanted, which must be delivered this week.

TAKEN up on Saturday last, three Head of CATTLE, which were found trespassing on the land of Haggatt Hall Plantation.—They will be delivered to any person proving them to be their property, on paying the expences incurred.—Apply to

Sept. 10—2a. S. M. WOODING
Chief Overseer.

FOR sale by the subscribers, the cargo of the ship Kate, just arrived from Dublin, consisting of beef in tierces and barrels, pork in barrels and half barrels, Oats in puncheons, flour, soap and candles, herrings in barrels, bricks, and a few packages perfumery. On hand from former importations, a few hhds. porter, and sundry articles of dry goods.

Sept. 10. DWYER & DUFF.

FOR DUBLIN,

THE fast sailing ship KATE, John Lawlor, Master, will sail on or before the 25th instant. For passage, for which she has superior accommodations, apply to the Captain, or to

Sept. 10. DWYER & DUFF.

FOR LIVERPOOL,

THE ship IRLAM, JOHN IRLAM, Master, is now ready to receive Sugars, and will sail as soon as loaded. For freight or passage apply to

Sept. 7. HIGGINSON, DEANE, & STOTT.

FOR SALE OR CHARTER,

THE Brig COMMERCE is in good repair, and will be ready to take in a cargo in five days. For particulars inquire of

Sept. 7—3a. SAM. P. TUDOR.

NOTICE.

ALL persons indebted to the Estate of S. W. BREWSTER, deceased, are requested to settle their Accounts immediately with the undersigned, as there are many pressing demands against the Estate, which must be discharged; therefore he must, without respect to persons, be under the necessity of placing all accounts due the Estate, in the hands of his Attorney at Law, to be sued the next entry day, in case they do not come forward in the mean time.

Sept. 7—6f. D. G. JAMES, Qual. Exor.

THE brig Hope, from Newfoundland, is now landing excellent COD-FISH in 8, 6, 4, and 3-quintal casks, and salmon in tierces, for sale by

Sept. 7—3n. SAM. AMES.

TO Let, the upper Apartments of a House in the most airy part of James-street, consisting of a large and comfortable dining-room, bed chamber, and closet; together with a kitchen, horse stable, and negro house. These apartments are well worth the attention of any Country Gentleman who is in the habit of coming to town frequently. The rent will be moderate. For further particulars inquire at this Office.

Sept. 7—3a.

THE subscriber informs his Friends and the Public, that, in future, his Public Sale Days will be on Wednesdays and Thursdays, instead of Mondays and Tuesdays as hitherto.

Sept. 7—3a. H. FARLEY.

RUNAWAY from the Island of Grenada, with the 4th batt. 60th Regt. a GIRL called Alice;—she is of a yellow complexion, speaks French and a little English, and is about 5 feet high. A reward of Eight Dollars will be given to any person who will lodge her in the Cage, or deliver her to her Owner, who may be found at Miss Deborah Hall's.

Sept. 3,—2a. BERTRAND HERY.

THE subscribers will be landing, within the next week, a choice cargo of Deal Lumber and New England shingles (equal in quality to that landed from the Martha Brae), which they offer for sale at a reduced price, if taken from the Wharf or from on board.

Sept. 7—8n. CON. A. HOWELL & SON.

A CAUTION.

THE subscriber forbids persons employing her MAN Richard, or trespassing on her Land, for the purpose of Shooting, as a violation of the Law in either case will be taken due notice of.

Sept. 7—2n. SARAH PRICE.

THE Gentlemen of the Vestry for the Parish of St. Michael, are requested to meet by ten o'clock on Thursday the 12th inst. on particular business.

Bridge-Town, Sept. 7—2n.

THE subscriber intending shortly for Europe, having repeatedly applied for payment of the debts respectively due to Lewis Cohen, Cohen & Levi, and Isaac Levi & Co. to which but little attention has been paid, gives this last notice, that all accounts which are not paid previous to the 1st January next, will be lodged in the hands of his Attorneys with instructions to adopt the most summary method for their recovery, without respect to persons.

Sept. 7—6a. I. LEVI.

ON SALE,

THAT desirable SEAT called Newburn, formerly the Residence of Philip Caddell, Esq. M.D. opposite Weymouth; the dwelling-house, offices, are in good repairs, and worthy the attention of a respectable family; a sufficient quantity of land attached thereto, to keep a pair or two of horses, a cow or two, and for a garden. The only motive the proprietor has for selling this desirable Seat, is the sole purpose of raising money early the ensuing year; as a convincing proof, it will be sold for two-thirds of its appraised value, provided one-half or a third of the purchase is paid on executing the sale, and a reasonable time allowed for the balance.—Should a purchase not offer in a reasonable time, it will then be rented for £250. per annum. Please apply to the proprietor on the premises. Sept. 7—2n.

TO BE SOLD,

ROSE-HILL, formerly the property of Dr. John O'Brian, deceased (with or without 20 prime Barbadian negroes), containing 66 acres of good land, with a fine dwelling-house, out-buildings, and a promising crop thereon. To an approved purchaser, no money required immediately. For particulars enquire of the subscribers.

Sept. 7—2n. N. MURRELL,  } Qualified
           W. MURRELL, } Exors.

JOHN P. HARDY

Is now landing per brig Jane, from Cork, a fresh supply of Beef, Pork, butter, checks, hams, &c. and a few barrels best quality Irish flour. Sept. 7—4n.

N.B. A few 100 boxes candles remaining on hand.

THE subscribers are landing a small Cargo from New Brunswick, consisting of

Cod and scale fish, white pine boards and plank, white oak hhd. shooks and heading, and a few kegs sounds and tongues.

Sept. 7—tf. DWYER & DUFF.

THE subscriber, who was brought up in a Mercantile House, is desirous of obtaining a situation in Town, or to undertake Book-posting in the Country. For the satisfaction of any person requiring such an assistant, he begs to refer to the Hon. Thos. Williams, or Thos. Law, Esq.

Sept. 7—3i. JOS. GIBSON.

THE subscriber will give Cash for 50 Bales good clean Cotton, if delivered within a fortnight.

O. COOKE.

JUST imported via Aletta, from Demerary, first-quality Coffee, in large and small bags, to suit purchasers. Also a few chords fire-wood.

R. PURCHASE.

Bay-street, Sept. 7—3a.

On hand, Cypress and New-England Shingles, and Pitch-pine Lumber.

At Private Sale, at the Naval Hospital in this Island.

A quantity of excellent Wine, of Gordon and Duffs, 8 years old, with some Edinburgh Ale, and Porter of a superior quality. Sept. 3.

A STORE in Trafalgar Place, and another on the Wharf, are to be rented and may be entered into immediately.—Apply at this Office. Sept. 3—3a.

SEPTEMBER HATH XXX DAYS.

D. H. M.
Full Moon......1 at 0 23 Afternoon |Sun
Last Quarter....14 at 3 18 Afternoon |Ris.|S.
New Moon......21 at 1 11 Morning |5h.16
First Quarter....28 at 4 26 Morning |5h.48

1|S |12 Sunday after Trinity |52| 8
2|M |Seaforth Lodge, St. John's Lodge |53| 7
3|Tu |Hibernian Lodge |53| 7
4|W.|Albion Lodge |53| 7
5|Th |Hole Entry. St. Peter's Lodge |54| 6
6|F |Exchequer Court |54| 6
7|S. |Speight's Entry |54| 6
8|F |13 Sunday after Trinity. N.B.V.Ma |54| 5
9|M |O.S. Co. Scot. En. Grand Chap. |55| 5
10|Tu | |55| 5
11|W.|Bridge Court Grand Chapter |56| 4
12|Th|R. A. B.C. |56| 4
13|F. |Clocks slow 4 m. 10s. Exercising Day |56| 4
14|S. |Holy Cross |57| 3
15|F |14 Sunday after Trinity |57| 3
16|M.|Hole Court |57| 2
17|Tu|Coun. Day, Chan.Co. Scotia Lodge|58| 2
18|W.|Speight's Court. Concord Lodge. |58| 2
19|Th|Clocks too slow 6 m. 16s. |59| 1
20|F. |Scotland Court. |59| 1
21|S. |St. Matthew |59| 1
22|F. |15 Sunday after Trinity |59| 0
23|M |Sun enters Libra |0|10
24|Tu|Exchequer Entry |0| 0
25|W. |St. Michael's Lodge |1| 0
26|Th |St. Cyprian |1| 0
27|F. |Days decreased 48. min. |1| 0
28|S. |Clocks slow 9 m. 20 s. |2| 0
29|F |16 Sunday after Trinity. St. Michael|2| 0
30|M |St. Jerome |3| 0

NOTICE is hereby given to the Officers and Ship's Company of His Majesty's ship PIQUE, Captain the Hon. Anthony Maitland, who were on board at the capture of the schooner Mary and cargo, on the 15th January, 1815, that the Agents are now ready to pay such part of the Proceeds arising from the said Capture, as remain in their hands undistributed, and will by them be paid over, unless otherwise claimed, to the Deputy Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, in ten days from this date.

Nett proceeds - Curr. £1511 15 3
Commander in Chief, £125 19 3
Captain - 251 18 6

The 2d, 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th, and 8th Classes, cannot be ascertained, for want of a Prize List being sent in by the Captors.

Aug. 31—3n. JAS. & M. CAVAN, Agents.

NOTICE is hereby given to the Officers and Ship's Company of His Majesty's schooner GRECIAN, Lt. E. F. Dwyer Commanding, who were on board at the capture of the brig Molly and Cargo, on the 19th Feb. 1815, that the Agents are now ready to pay such part of the proceeds arising from the said capture, as remain in their hands undistributed, and will by them be paid over to the Deputy Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, in ten days from this date, unless claimed in the meanwhile.

Nett Proceeds - Curr. £777 12 8
Commander in Chief, £ 64 16 0
Lt. Commanding 129 12 1

The 2d, 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th, and 8th Classes, cannot be ascertained, no Prize List for this capture having been received by the Agents.

Aug. 31—3n. JAS. & M. CAVAN, Agents.

NOTICE is hereby given to the Officers and Ship's Company of His Majesty's schooner ELIZABETH, Lt. E. F. Dwyer, Commanding, who were on board at the seizure of the schooner Freemason, and Cargo, in June, 1812, that the Agents are now ready to pay such part of the half proceeds arising from said seizure, which were received from Nevis, and remain in their hands undistributed, will by them be paid over, unless otherwise claimed, to the Deputy Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital, in ten days from this date.

Nett Proceeds of the moiety Cur. £130 18 10
Lt. Commanding, £32 14 8

The 2d, 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th, and 8th Classes, cannot be ascertained for want of a Prize List being sent in by the captors.

Aug. 31—3n. JAS. & M. CAVAN, Agents.

A GARDENER wanted;—to one that understands his business, and can be well recommended, liberal wages will be given.—Enquire at this Office.

ST. VINCENT, 18th July, 1816.

IN pursuance of an Order, made by the Honourable Court of Chancery of this Colony, in the Cause of Whitfield and others v. Sayers and others, the Subscriber gives this public notice, that he is ready to treat with any person or persons having Slaves to dispose of, for the purchase of a Gang of One Hundred and thirty, for Peruvian and Henry's Vale Estates. Payment will be made in undoubted Bills of Exchange, on a clear, unquestionable title being conveyed; and proposals will continue to be received for eight weeks from this date.

EDWARD CAINES,
Receiver for said Estates.

COMMISSARY-GENERAL'S OFFICE,
Barbados, 2d July, 1816.

TENDERS for GOVERNMENT LIMES will be received at this Office.

DAVID ELLIOT,
Assistant Commissary-General.

THE Subscriber offers for sale, the following Properties, viz. a stone-wall House, situated in Broad-street, adjoining the Prothonotary's Office, standing on 1786 square feet of land; a pleasant little Country Seat, in Rendezvous Rock, opposite Enmore Villa, containing 2 acres of rich arable land with every convenience for a small family.—Also his Residence in the Bay, adjoining the late residence of Capt. Parris, deceased, with every convenience for the white lime manufactory, being well adapted for that purpose, and will be sold for the appraised value. To approved purchasers, no money would be required immediately.

Aug. 31,—3a. SAM. HENRY.

Who has on sale, white lime, at 6 bits per barrel, double-street.

VALUABLE FIELD NEGROES.

A MAN and two WOMEN of this description for sale.—Apply to

Aug. 27—tf. JOS. BRIGGS,
Lily Vale, adjoining Lindo's and Hannays.

FOR SALE,

A handsome seasoned pair of excellent Carriage Horses, which are also very good saddle-horses.—A Post-coach in complete order, with a very superior harness, just imported, and cost £42. sterling.—the horses and carriage will be sold together, or separately. —Also, 14 valuable house and field old negroes.

Aug. 31—2a. W. CALLAGAN.

FOR sale by the Subscriber, a few thousand feet Deal BOARDS, at £12 10s. per thousand, if taken from the Wharf.

Aug. 31—2a. ROWLAND WEBSTER.

Ten Pounds Reward.

ABSENTED herself since the 22d March last, a Negro WOMAN named Betsy Lemon, of middle stature, and about 32 years of age, assumes a maidniness in speaking, and possesses in some degree a pleasing address. She has for some time past been employed selling Dry-goods both in Town and Country, and has thereby made extensive connexions, particularly at the Estate called Bromefield, in the Parish of St. Lucy, where she has a father, named Dickey, by trade a mason. Whoever will apprehend and lodge her in the Cage, shall receive the above reward of Ten Pounds; and the further sum of Fifteen Pounds will be paid to any person who can give such information as will lead to conviction any white or free coloured person who shall have harboured her. All Masters of Vessels are particularly cautioned against taking this Woman off the Island.

August 31—3a. W. AMEY.

RUNAWAY from the subscriber, a Negro Boy named Tim. One Dollar reward will be given to apprehend him, and a further reward of $5. to any person that will give such information as will prove his being harboured with any free coloured or white person.

Aug. 31—2a. JOHN WELCH.

TO RENT,

THE Place called HIGHGATE, lately tenanted by Dr. Renn Hampden. For particulars apply to Mrs. V. CRICHLOW;—who will sell the House in which she at present resides, situate in James-street.

Aug. 6—tf.

MR. MARRYAT'S Pamphlets, intitled "Thoughts, &c." and "More Thoughts," in vindication of the Colonists against the imputations of those who were Advocates for the Slave Registry Bill, may be had of

Aug. 6. A. R. HOLLINGSWORTH.

THE subscriber, Qualified Administrator to the Estate of James Maxwell, Esq. deceased, requests all persons indebted to come forward and pay off their accounts, otherwise, after this notice, all executions must be levied, and all notes or open accounts will be sued for without respect to persons.

F. WILLIAMS.

FOR Sale at the store occupied by LABERTOUCHE & WALKER,

Superior champaign, sauterne, port wine in bottles, and claret in bottle and wood; porter in do.; beer and Burton ale in bottle and cask; London patent 10-inch cables and smaller size. New cocoa in bags, Bristol wood hoops; crab wood, locust, ducallybally, & other furniture wood, just landed; white oak staves & heading; beef in barrels, soap and candles, English cane-bottom chairs, with several other articles, to close sales. Aug. 10—tf.

MR. FITT offers for sale, at the lower end of Broad-street, opposite the Lumber-yard of Henry Watson, Esq.—Men's hats and broad cloths of all descriptions; best London boots and shoes, cotton and gingham, best gin and porter, fresh hams, rounds beef, oysters, and pickles. And to an approved purchaser, a small lot of valuable young house servants; and a very comfortable Country Residence, 2½ miles from Town, for which not more than a third of the purchase-money is required for some time. Aug. 24—3a.

THE Commissioners of the Highways for the Parish of St. Michael take this public method of informing all persons whatsoever, who have Timbers, Lead, Anchors, or any other nuisances on the Wharf, or in any of the streets or alleys of Bridge Town, that unless they are removed within the time allowed by the Law, the owners thereof will be proceeded against, without respect to persons:—those who have already had sufficient notice will be proceeded against immediately, and all others, in five days from this date—Whatever articles the Commissioners cannot find an owner for, will be sent by the marshal to the Market-place, and the owners proceeded against for the penalty and expences of carriage.

NOTICE is hereby given, that WILAMENA BLACKETT, Widow, hath petitioned His Excellency the Governor for Letters of Guardianship of the person and Estate of her son, Edward Thomas Blackett, a Minor. Aug. 27—3a.

A COOK wanted to hire, who can be well recommended, and is complete at his business.—Apply at this Office. Aug. 27—2a.

FOR Sale, at the Store of Read, Cummins, M'Clure, & Son, Two Hhds. of choice Bordeaux CLARET, which will be sold for the first cost. Aug. 27—3a.

A LAUNDRESS to Hire.—Enquire of J. H. at Beckwith-square. Aug. 27—2a. J. HARRIS.

THE subscriber will sell a very able Negro WOMAN and her two Children, in consequence of his having no employment for them.

Aug. 27—2a. BENJ. C. ARMSTRONG.

FOR Sale by the subscribers, at their store and lumber-yard, pitch-pine boards and plank, red-oak staves, New-England Shingles; 4d. 6d. 8d. and 10d. nails; puncheon iron hoops; men's, women's, and youths' hoes; oznabrugs; beer and porter, Madeira and port wine—for which produce will be taken in payment.

WALROND & LINTON.

Marl-hill-street, Aug. 27—2n.

FOR Sale at the Navy Stores, a quantity of Navy Biscuit, which will be disposed of low for cash; or, if purchased in sufficient quantities, rum or sugar will be taken in payment.

Aug. 24—1m. G. WINDSOR.

N.B.—A few hhds. second-quality Sugar wanted.

A CAUTION.

ALL persons are forbid trespassing on the Lands of Friendship Plantation for the purpose of shooting thereon, without permission of the Attorney.

Aug. 24—2a. J. BUTLER, Clerk.

ALL persons indebted to the Estate of the late WM. APPLEWHAITE, Esq. deceased, are required to make payment to the subscriber; and whoever has any demand against his Estate, is requested to render the same, without loss of time, duly attested, to

Aug. 24—3n. W. LIVERSAGE, Qual. Exor.

LATEST arrival of Pork, Butter, Candles, and Soap, from Cork, for sale at the Stores of Robert Stewart, near Nelly Caddell's Tavern.—R. S. would barter any of the above for Sugar, deliverable in three weeks. Aug. 24—3n.

FOR Sale at Oistin's and at the Crane, boards, plank, and scantling; cypress and New-England shingles, of superior quality; ready-made negro clothing, warranted hoes and bills, nails; puncheon, butt, and truss hoops; blown salt in tierces, &c. &c.

Aug. 24—4n. WASON & CORHAM.

NOW landing from on board the brig Nancy, from Cork, and for sale by the subscriber,

New June Butter, of first and second quality. Also for sale, by former importations, soap, candles, hempen bagging, crates of ware, leather, negro pipes, &c.

W. C. MOORE.

TO be sold cheap for cash, two STILLS—one 150, the other 300 gallons, with Worms and Tubs, all in good order. For particulars apply at Waterford, or to the subscriber in Bridge-Town.

Aug. 20—tf. JACOB BELGRAVE.

I will give a Reward of Five Pounds for each of the following Slaves, lately purchased of Mr. J. B. Sealy, viz. Betty, a Mulatto Woman, supposed to be at Mount Poyer, the property of Thomas Greaves, Esq. where she has a husband named Sam; Harry, a yellow-skinned man; and Philly, a yellow-skinned woman—supposed to be harboured along with their mother, and at the house of their father, at his tenement on the property of John Bowen, Sen. Esq.; also in Speights-Town, where they have many connexions. I will pardon these people if they return of their own accord. I will give a further reward for such information as will convict any white or free coloured person harbouring them.

Aug. 24—3a. SAMUEL BOXILL.

TAKEN up on the 12th inst. a large black GOAT, with three white spots—one on the back and one on each side.—The owner can have it by proving the property and paying the expence.

Aug. 27—3a. T. WHITE (f-m,)
Lightfoot's Ground.

FOR LIVERPOOL,

THE Brig ROBERT QUAYLE, EDWARD OLDHAM, Master, will sail about the 25th August. For Freight or Passage apply to

July 30. HIGGINSON, DEANE, & STOTT.

FOR LONDON,

THE Ship ADVENTURE, JOHN CROKER, Master, coppered and copper fastened, will carry about 400 casks, a good part of which are already engaged, and will sail about the 15th September, and will be ready to receive her cargo on Monday next. For freight or passage apply to

CON. A. HOWELL & SON,
Aug. 6. THOMAS LOUIS.

Who will be thankful to their Friends, those of Messrs. Daniel, and Shippers generally, for their kind favours to this vessel.

FOR SALE,

THE schooner HOPE, burthen about 56 tons, copper fastened and copper bottom; sails, masts, &c. are very good, and carries a large cargo for her tonnage.

Aug. 3. WASON & CORHAM.

Treasurer's Office, 19th Aug. 1816.

BARBADOS.

I DO hereby give Notice to all Owners or Possessors of any land, slaves, wind-mills, cattle mills, pot-kilns, and four or two-wheel carriages, in this Island, who omitted to give in the same in May last, in pursuance of an Act of this Island, that they are now required to give in, or cause to be given in, to one or other of the Representatives of the Parish where such property may be, some time between the 1st and 15th day of September next, a true account of such property; in default of which they will incur the following penalties, viz. for each acre of Land, 8d.; each slave, 12s. 6d.; each windmill and potkiln, 50s.; each cattle-mill, 25s.; each four-wheeled carriage, 100s.; and each two-wheel carriage, 80s.;—which penalties I am bound to levy on all defaulters.

CON. A. HOWELL, Treasurer.

NOTICE is hereby given, that I am ready to receive the Tax laid for the support of the Nightly Watch, viz. 3d. in the pound on all Owners of Houses, and 6d. in the pound on Trade upon which they are parochially taxed.

July 27. C. A. HOWELL, Treasurer.

A choice Cargo of Deal Lumber, Staves, and Shingles, will be landing from on board the Martha Brae in all the present week, and will be sold at reduced prices, if taken from the Wharf, or from on board.

C. A. HOWELL & Son.

NOTICE is hereby given, that Mary Donovan (Widow) hath petitioned His Excellency the Governor for Letters of Administration of the Estate of her deceased Husband, Thomas Donovan.

NOTICE is hereby given, that DAVID ELLIOT, Esq. Assistant Commissary-General, hath petitioned His Excellency the Governor for Letters of Administration to the Estate of Francis Hall, Esq. late a Deputy Assistant Commissary-General. Aug. 24—3n.

FOR SALE,

A small HOME, containing 5 acres 19 perches Land, with a good house and Out-buildings thereon.—This place is situated just above Kingston Lodge, and will be sold reasonably for cash.

Aug. 24—3n. C. R. GRENION.

OATS

At Five Shillings a Bushel, for sale by

M. JACKSON & Co.

FOR SALE,

PRIME mess beef in barrels, do. do. pork in barrels and half-barrels, candles, butter, &c.;—pitch-pine boards, joist, plank, and beams; 22-inch cypress shingles; oats in puncheons; choice old London particular Madeira wine in pipes and hhds.; and Tinte and Sercial Madeira Wine in quarter-casks; glass ware in puncheons, &c.

Aug. 3—tf. ALEX. HALL.

FOR SALE,

About forty-two Acres of LAND, or thereabouts, in the Parish of St. Lucy, late the property of Mr. John Atwood. Terms of Payment will be made easy to an approved purchaser. For further particulars apply to T. Pierrepont, in Bridge-Town, or

JOHN GORING,
July 27—tf. Boarded-Hall.

ALL persons trespassing on the Lands of the Valley Plantation, the property of George Carrington, Esq.; of the Hon. Francis Hinds, Esq. called Hampton; and those of Bailey's Plantation, will be immediately prosecuted.

Aug. 24—4a. WM. CLARKE.

Printed and published every Tuesday and Saturday by
WILLIAM WALKER & Co.

At Six Dollars per annum; and if sent to the neighbouring Islands, Eight Dollars;
PAYABLE IN ADVANCE.