BARBADOS MERCURY,
AND BRIDGE-TOWN GAZETTE.

SIX DOLLARS PER ANNUM.]

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1816.

[PAYABLE IN ADVANCE

NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.

NOTICE.

THE GOVERNORS OF CODRINGTON COLLEGE are requested to attend at King's House, on Saturday the 2d of November, at 12 o'clock, upon an Election of two Scholars for the vacancies upon that foundation.

By His Excellency's command,
T. MOODY, A.D.C. & P. Sec.

King's-House, Oct. 7, 1816.

NOTICE.

A Light, straight, Field-Officers' Regulation SWORD, with a white leather sword-knot & gold tassel attached, was dropped from its scabbard on Sunday morning last, the 13th October, about 7 o'clock, near Mr. Higginson's Place (Gibraltar). It was seen a few minutes after, in the hands of a little black boy, who was going with it down the road leading to the Town and Bay. The Sword was manufactured by Gill. If it should be offered for sale, the party must be detained, and information given to Lt.-Colonel Vernon Graham, Queen's Royal Regiment, St. Ann's Barracks; who will reward the party who may bring the sword up to St. Ann's, or prosecute those in whose possession it may be found, a reasonable time after the publication of this notice.

FOR Sale by the Subscriber, two Negro MEN—one a good Mason, another a Field Man. For particulars apply to Benjamin R. Croney, living on Lower Berney's Estate. Oct. 15—2n.

TAKE NOTICE.

THE Subscriber, residing in the Roebuck, has taken up a Barbadian BOY, about twelve or thirteen years of age, who says his name is John, and free. Whoever claims the said Boy, may have him, proving the property, and paying all expences.

JOHN PETTERKIN.

CAPE DE VERD SALT.

A FEW hundred bushels of this article for sale, at the moderate price of 5 bits per bushel; if delivered within the next week.

Bay, Oct. 12. R. PURCHASE.

FOR SALE,

A Complete WASHERWOMAN, sold for no fault. Apply at this Office.

Oct. 12—2a.

TO BE SOLD,

A GOOD, large HORSE, for the saddle or draught. He is sound and steady, and rising seven years.—For particulars enquire of Mr. DA Costa, Swan-street, opposite Mr. Hikin's Jewellery Shop.

Oct. 12—2a.

FOR SALE,

BEST quality Wallaba SHINGLES, at twelve dollars; fire-wood at 6½ dollars per cord; a few pieces green-heart timber, 1s. 6d. per foot; cabacoll plank and boards, 7½d. per foot; snake wood plank, 7½d. per foot.

Oct. 12—3a. JOHN HALL.

TO BE SOLD,

A Young Negro WOMAN, an excellent laundress and house servant; with her Child, 10 months old.—For particulars apply at the residence of W. Perry, Esq. St. Ann's. Oct. 12—2a.

THE Subscriber, intending immediately to remove to Long Island, offers for sale the following Property, which will be disposed of on advantageous terms to a prompt purchaser:—A HOUSE situate in Prince William Henry street, near the public wharf, consisting of a spacious, large room on the first floor; a large hall and one chamber on the second floor, with three bed chambers in the garret; and a good kitchen, with oven, &c. in the yard. This House is worthy the attention of those who would wish to engage in the retail line.—Also a commodious House, situate in the Roebuck, with a large yard, a good well of water, and in every respect finished for the accommodation of a genteel family. Also, three families of NEGROES, which, in respect to character, are unexceptionable.—The Houses may be viewed from eight o'clock until four of each day, and particulars made known on application to the resident of the latter House in the Roebuck.

October 12—3a. F. PADMORE.

PUBLIC SALES.

TO be Sold, at the Garrison of St Ann's, on Thursday the 17th inst. at 11 o'clock,—

A variety of articles, the effects of the late Lt. Wood, R.A.; among which are a valuable fowling-piece and patent rifle, two writing desks, a few articles of plate, a quantity of wearing apparel, saddlery, books, &c. &c.

Also a serviceable Bay Mare.

Oct. 15—1a. BENJ. INNISS.

ON Tuesday next, the 22d inst. will be sold,—

One set mahogany dining tables, 2 Pembroke tables, 1 work ditto, 1 sofa ditto, 2 hair sofas, a sideboard, 2 commodes, a mahogany bedstead, several hair mattresses, bason stands, night chairs, &c.; 1 table service of handsome china, ditto common blue ware, glass ware, chairs, a mangle for cloaths, a phaeton and harness, and various other articles.

Oct. 12. BENJ. INNISS.

ON Wednesday the 23d inst. will be sold, at the Farm in St. George's, the residence of Mrs. Ince,—

All her Household Furniture, Plate, China, &c. &c.

Oct. 15. BENJ. INNISS.

The sale to commence at 11 o'clock.

ON Friday next the 18th inst. will be sold at the store of the subscriber,

A Milch COW and a Bill CALF.

Oct. 15. W. DOWRICH.

Also a Negro Woman, a very good washer and houseservant, sold for no fault.

ON Wednesday the 23d instant, at twelve o'clock at noon, will be sold at the Commissariat Stores, Saint Ann's,

Sugar and oat hhds. and other empty packages; also a large quantity of new iron bound RUM-puncheons, in lots to suit purchasers.

By order of J. K. Mackbreedy,
Com.-Gen.

Oct. 12. H. FARLEY.

TO be Rented from the 1st of the present month, the Premises near the Garrison of St. Ann's, now tenanted by Dep. Assist. Com.-Gen. Mackbreedy, with as much Land as will feed one or two horses and a few cows—the House is convenient for the reception of a genteel family, having every convenience which can be required, both as to house and Out-offices.

Enquire of Asst. Com.-Gen. Elliot, or R. I. Duke, Esq. Dep. Assist. Com.-Gen.

tf. J. DUKE.

Who will rent or sell three acres of Land attached to the above Place, in lots for building houses, in which street is about to be established, which will open on the main road leading to the Garrison and to Town.

FOR SALE,

A Small Lot of Barbadian People, viz. a young Woman, a complete sempstress and house servant, with 3 small improving children; a middle-aged woman, her mother, an excellent cook; and a young man, accustomed to the field business; they are sold for no fault, but the proprietor wishing to leave the Island. Also a House in Church street, and some genteel furniture. Enquire at this Office. Oct. 8—tf.

THE subscriber, Qualified Administrator to the Estate of Jacob Barrow Thibou (f m.), deceased, requests all persons having any demands against the said Estate, to render the same, properly attested; and all persons indebted thereto are requested to make immediate payment, as it is requisite the affairs should be closed without delay.

Oct. 8—3n. JAMES O'NEAL.

WANTED to Rent or Purchase, a PLACE to contain 20 or 30 acres of Land, with a comfortable Dwelling house, &c. thereon, about three miles or four miles from Town.—For further particulars apply at this Office.

Oct. 5—tf.

TO BE SOLD OR RENTED,

LAND in large or small lots, adjoining Polgreen's and King's Land. Apply to

Oct. 5—3i. T. M'INTOSH.

PURSUANT to a Decree of the High Court of Chancery, made in a Cause "Abbot against Gibbes," the Creditors of Sir Philip Gibbes, late of the Island of Barbados, in the West Indies, Baronet, deceased, who died on or about the 27th day of June, 1815, are forthwith to come in and prove their debts before Charles Thomson, Esq. one of the Masters of the said Court, at his Chambers in Southampton Buildings, Chancery Lane, London, or in default thereof they will be excluded the benefit of the said Decree.

Oct. 1—6a.

COMMISSARY-GENERAL'S OFFICE,
Barbados, 2d July, 1816.

TENDERS for Government BILLS will be received at this Office.

DAVID ELLIOT,
Assistant Commissary-General.

FOR SALE,

AN ENCYCLOPÆDIA BRITANNICA, in 20 Volumes, bound in calf.—Apply at this Office.

Oct. 15—3n.

MEDITERRANEAN CARGO

OF choice Wines, Brandies, Oils, Pickles, Fruits, Marble and Alabaster, Drugs, Engravings, &c.

On Monday the 21st instant will be exposed to Public Sale, at our Stores in Bridge-Town, in lots to accommodate purchasers, the Cargo of the brig Younghusband, W. T. Shephard, Master, from Malta, which has been selected with particular attention and judgment, consisting of the following choice Articles, the productions of Italy, Greece, and other fertile Nations bordering on the Mediterranean and Levant Seas, viz.—

WINES.

Marsalla...40 Pipes
30 Hogsheads
42 Cases of 1 and 2 dozen each

Cosanicchio...5 Pipes
42 Cases of 1 and 2 dozen each

Marmara...5 Quarter-casks
42 cases of 1 and 2 dozen each

Catania, red, white, and sweet, 20 Pipes

Malaga, 23 pipes;
ditto, 5 cases of 25 dozen each

Lunelle, 5 cases of 24 dozen each

Frontignan, 4 cases of 23 doz. each

Cote du Rhone, 10 cases of 50 bottles

Naxia, 42 cases of 1 and 2 dozen each

Rombolo, 42 cases of 1 and 2 dozen each

Ithaca, 42 cases of 1 and 2 dozen each

Alba Flora, 42 cases of 1 and 2 dozen each

Bronti Port, 20 cases of 1 dozen each

Mascali, 20 cases of 1 dozen each

Muscatel, 34 cases of 1 and 2 dozen each

Champagne, 10 cases of 50 bottles each

Grenave, 2 cases of 50 bottles each

Sweet Cefalonia, 5 cases of 6 dozen each

Rosolio, 12 cases of 25 bottles each

Anniseed and Ratifia, 18 cases of 1 dozen each

BRANDIES.

25 Pipes of Oil Proof, of superior quality
2 Ditto of Fire Proof,

OILS.

Sweet Oil in 417 Chests
100 Half chests } of the best Lucca
Flasks

7 Casks Linseed

PRESERVED AND DRIED FRUITS,

Currants, 5 casks
Prunes, 4 small boxes
Ditto, 19 cases dried
Figs, 15 boxes very fine
Assorted, 60 cases, consisting of Apricots, Pears, Peaches, Plums, &c.

PICKLES.

Capers, 80 boxes
Olives, 100 boxes
Mixed, 14 boxes of cucumbers, &c.
Truffles, 2 boxes
Anchovies, 132 boxes
Macaroni and Vermicelli, 50 boxes
Sausages, 20 cases of dried
Parmisan Cheese, 12 cases of 1 in each, in lead
Lavender Water, 2 cases

DRUGS.

Manna, 14 cases, in sorts
Opium, 1 case
Sponges, 1 Bale
Engravings, 1 box assorted

MARBLE

3 Baths, full size
29 Cases of polished Slabs for tables
45 Mortars

Alabaster, 7 cases containing Vases of different sizes and figures, by the most eminent sculptors, comprising the Four Cardinal Virtues and Female Dancers; the Muses, Apollo, and the Graces; with a large-sized Venus of Canova, &c. &c. &c. and Pedestals for the whole.

Cork-wood—a quantity

Catalogues will be distributed before the time of Sale, and samples of each article will be brought forward at the time of sale.

J. & M. CAVAN.

BRIDGE-TOWN.

"Sit mihi fas audita loqui,"—et que ad Rempublicam pertinent in lucem proferre.

TUESDAY, OCTOBER 15.

WE regret to announce the continued illness of His Excellency the Governor, who on Thursday last was attacked with fever, which has since been unabated, so that much anxiety is naturally excited.—The following is the Bulletin of this morning:—

"Pilgrim, 14th Oct. 1816.—7 o'clock, a.m.

"Sir James Leith has passed a quiet night, but still continues dangerously ill.

"J. WALKER,
Surgeon to the Commander of the Forces."

Entered at the Custom-House—Brig Maria, from Para.

Cleared—Ship Kate, for Dublin; brig Elizabeth, St. Kitt's; schooners Waterloo, St. Thomas; and Admiral Harvey, Antigua.

From a London Paper:

Two main objects seem to occupy the exclusive attention and efforts of the eulogists of Bonaparte and the censurers of the Duke of Wellington. One is to check the national subscription for the relief of the manufacturing and labouring poor—the other is to induce foreigners and natives to sell out of the English Funds and invest the produce in the French or American. Of the subscription, they assert, that it "conceals the real and only remedy;" that "it diverts the public attention from the real situation of the country;" and that the objections to such an expedient are multifarious." Then they contrast the amount of the subscriptions for the Russians in 1813 with the amount of the present subscription; that the former doubled the amount of the latter in the same period. And they ask, whence this difference? One great cause may be the absence of so many of the rich land and fund-holders, who have not yet had time to send their subscriptions from abroad. If their rents have fallen off, and the produce of their property has diminished, it must be recollected that they are released from the Property Tax, and in a great measure, being abroad, from the Assessed Taxes. Their contributions no doubt will be considerable.—From the dislike of the Party to the measure of a subscription, we infer that they fear it will produce the effect intended by the promoters of it, to render the poor content under their privations, by seeing the rich sharing the burthen, and sympathising with them. In this as in every other public measure they pursue nothing but political and party objects. Never were there a more jobbing set, a set less attentive to economy than they were when in power, and yet now forsooth they clamour against the public expences, as if they must necessarily be corrupt and improper. They would make the people and the government two parties, and render the one hated by the other. They know in their consciences, that a government less expensive to the people could not be erected, even on their own theories; but that is nothing. Their political enmities cannot be appeased. We grant that government is imperiously called upon to retrench every thing possible from the public expenditure. But it does not follow, that government is bound to give up every expence which any factious individual, or heated mob assembly, may think proper to stigmatize. It is demanded, that farther reductions be made in the army and navy. Let them show that this is safe with respect to our foreign relations, and that our domestic tranquillity will not be hazarded. But these retrenching gentlemen never condescend to show how far their plans are practicable. Down with the army—down with the navy—down with placemen:—this is their cry; but we are never told how the country is to be defended; how it is to maintain its rank among the nations, without an army or Navy, or, what is the same thing, with only a skeleton of either; nor do they tell us how the affairs of Government can be conducted, and public services rewarded, without places and pensions. These topics are too vulgar for the refinement of wholesale reformers; and too low for those who are always mounted to foam and bubble at the top by the ebullitions of party violence. In some cases, there are men to be found who desire the destruction of the army and the embarrassment of Government, for other reasons besides the savings which might be expected. It is no reason with such men that it is urged, that we cannot greatly reduce our home military force, without placing His Majesty's subjects at the mercy of riotous mobs. For this very cause they hate the army: they wish to see mobs and insurrection. If Government can be intimidated or overthrown, they have their object.

The second object to which we alluded is to induce Foreigners and Natives to sell out of the English Funds. A patriotic effect no doubt. And hence they begin by holding out as inducements to them to do so, the fear of a greater fall in our Funds, and the temptation of a greater interest in Foreign Funds. They alarm them with the idea that Ministers will be forced to have recourse to a Loan, or touch the Sinking Fund, or impose 13½ per cent. upon the interest of the national debt, and on real property. For any such apprehensions we have declared there is no foundation whatever, a declaration which we repeat. But foreigners have always held immense sums in our funds, because they expected an increase in value on the re-establishment of peace—And if they had, there would, according to the reasoning of the Party, have been a greater temptation to sell out, had our funds been high. The real cause of foreigners holding immense sums in our funds has been, not the expectation of an increase in value, but the conviction of the security of those funds, and of the regular payment of the interest.—And in spite of the invitation of the Party to sell out of our funds and purchase into the American, we doubt whether many will be induced to accept it. On this subject they would do well to consult one of the leading Members of the Party, and ask him, whether he is so satisfied with the transfer of his money from our funds to the American. But whilst the Party are so pleased with the higher rate of interest in other countries, do they not see that this higher rate is the consequence of a less degree of confidence in the security of other funds than in the security of our own? The American 6 per cent. were at 80: thus £40. would produce an interest of 3 per cent.; £2. less than our 3 percents. In the French funds, £72. would produce an interest of 5 per cent.; in ours, £92. would produce no greater interest. Why? Because the general conviction not only of natives but of foreigners is, that where there is a certainty that the capital will be secure, and the interest be regularly and punctually paid, it is better to lay out more money though it may produce less interest. The Party, therefore, in the recommendation of American and French Funds, are in reality paying a tribute to the stability and credit of the English funds.

As to the Alien Bill having produced a want of confidence—first, we deny that such a want of confidence exists; and next, we contend that the Aliens Bill could not have contributed to it, if it did. We are told that foreigners conclude, that it is ineligible to hold funds in a country in which they cannot reside. Now their residence or non-residence would have nothing to do with their holding funds. They might buy or sell, or receive their interest as certainly and punctually at Paris, Vienna, Petersburgh, or Berlin, as they could if they resided within the sound of Bow bells. But does the Alien Bill prevent any foreigner from taking up his abode here? He may live here and exercise his trade or profession as securely as a native, provided he conducts himself in the same manner natives are bound to do. To be sure if he attempted to play in London the part which some of our countrymen performed at Paris, we should then punish him, and apply the Alien Bill to him afterwards.

With one general mark we conclude—What would really British Feelings dictate at a crisis of difficulty and distress—Would they not endeavour to soothe rather than to aggravate, to preach peaceable demeanour instead of discontent and opposition—would they try to persuade the people that subscriptions for their relief were snares and devices to perpetuate abuses—would they attempt to weaken the strength and sinews of the country, by advising emigration; or would they hold up the funds of other countries as more secure deposits for wealth than the funds of their own? Would they be constantly drawing contrasts between this country and others, all to the disadvantage of Great Britain? This real patriotism would not do. But this is what the Party does. In war as in peace they pursue the same system and are actuated by the same motives. In War they tried to cripple our exertions—in peace they attempted to diminish our resources. In both they croak the same raven note of despondency,—and like the Ghosts that addressed Richard in his tent at Tewksbury, they end always by bidding the people "despair and die."

LONDON.

Nunc magna Roma
Edomiti magnas possidit orbis Opes.

Such was the boast of imperial Rome; such had been, in our days, the boast of imperial Paris; to adorn its capital with works of art, to increase its splendour, and swell its magnificence, have been favourite objects with almost every nation in Europe, except this.

London is, beyond comparison, the most populous city, and its inhabitants are, on the whole, the best educated and most enlightened community in the civilized world. Is it not, therefore, extraordinary that it should possess fewer public monuments—public libraries—public galleries—fewer objects in short of public instruction, recreation, and taste—than any other capital in Europe?

Without disparaging the superior value of those objects in which we are unrivalled—our hospitals, manufactories, water-works, and steam-engines,—we may be permitted to lament, that with so much provision for solid utility and real comfort, there is not more for ornament and amusement; and that when a stranger asks, what, besides St. Paul's, this great Metropolis has to shew of architectural splendour, we are obliged to pack him into a stage coach and drive him down to Greenwich, where Charity (which covers a multitude of sins) sheds her radiance over a costly and clumsy pile, and deceives our feelings and almost our senses as to the architectural merits of the edifice which she inhabits;—but the admiration of the stranger, less alive to this association of ideas, soon subsides; he sees the incongruity of the building with itself, and still more with its object, and cites, as an instance of our bad taste, that we lodge our Kings in an hospital and our invalids in a palace.

Of the wealth of nations, as of individuals, the most considerable part must be expended in the necessaries, but a certain portion of it is due to the luxuries of life; our kitchens, our stables, our nurseries, our bed-chambers, the necessaries of domestic life, would not be worth having, if we had not also our saloons, libraries, and galleries: the most obvious distinctions between men, between the ignorant and the learned, the rude and the polished, are connected with those superfluities and the tastes they create; and distinctions of the same sort are to be observed amongst nations. It is not enough that our state of society should provide for all the substantial requisites for corporeal existence; we but half fulfil the designs of Providence, if we do not afford aliment to those mental powers, and gratification to those elegant perceptions, with the capability of which the human mind is, as its highest pleasure and most immortal attribute, endowed.

These are truths to which we all subscribe individually, and which are so obvious and well recognised, that we almost fear that we shall seem impertinent in thus repeating them; yet, as a people, we not only never act upon them, but we have reason to fear that their applicability to objects of national interest is not yet generally acknowledged.

We have often heard quoted with an air of sententious wisdom, that old saying, "that the Superfluities of a Monarchy would set up a Commonwealth:" and a narrow economy, a parsimonious jealousy in all ornamental public works, is one of the first principles which is inculcated on the minds of Englishmen.

It is a singular fact, that this great Metropolis Possesses but one National Monument, which is therefore called the Monument, and which, beautiful as it is in itself, reflects neither by its scite, its subject, nor the attention which it receives, any great honour on our taste. Instead of celebrating a work of human glory, the re-building, it records a mere elemental accident, the burning of the city; instead of standing in one of those spacious streets or squares which the great architect who rebuilt London and designed the Monument, had planned, it is placed in a wretched weld of brick walls, not twice the diameter of its base, and for no other reason but that it may stand exactly 202 feet (its own height) from Puddinglane, in one of the hovels of which the great fire began. Add to all this, that the historic point of view in which it commemorates the fire, namely as a Papist plot, is absolutely false, and that therefore the Monument is, as Pope hinted 100 years ago, monumental only of a lie, and that whatever honour the architectural design does to the architect, the moral design and effect, does but little honour to the nation.

Being thus unlucky in our only Monument, it behoves us to be doubly studious to avoid like or congenial errors in that, or rather, we hope, those which we are now to build.

The reign of Queen Ann has been called the Augustan age of England—in literature it certainly was, but the other fine arts were at a very low ebb. How could it else have happened, that while Louis the 14th was adorning his capital, not with palaces and temples only, but with triumphal arches, statues, and other monuments to the glory of his arms, that this great country, which had stemmed the torrent of his success, and had conquered him in a series of victories only to be surpassed by the triumphs of the last Campaign, did not commemorate these great achievements by any monumental honour in the Metropolis, and the bones of the victors of Ramillies and Blenheim are dissolved in foreign graves, without one stone or tablet in their native land to do honour to their memories.

To be sure in our beef-and-pudding style of rewarding heroes, we built the Duke of Marlborough a good house over his head, and gave him some thousand acres of arable and pasture land, with the usual appendages of messuages, crofts, lofts, commons, commonage, copse, &c. &c. All this was very well for the Duke of Marlborough, and we admit that it was a truly British, and for once a truly good taste to build this palace in the country, to shew that after all the most splendid services abroad—when Dukedoms, principalities, orders, and honours have been showered upon him—a British hero must come home to be a country gentleman at last. This, we say, was at once good national taste (we do not talk of the edifice itself) and better national policy. But was it either good taste or policy to limit our gratitude to this? to rusticate as it were our glory? Who, of the millions which compose our people, have seen Blenheim, and of the thousands who have seen it, in how many does it excite ideas of Military renown, of the conquered Danube and of widowed France.

How many who may read this paper, is it not necessary to remind, that at Blenheim ten thousand of the enemy were left dead on the field of battle; that near thirty squadrons of cavalry perished in the Danube, and that thirteen thousand prisoners, 194 pieces of cannon, and exactly 300 stand of colours were taken, with the loss on the part of the Allied Army of about 3000 killed and 8000 wounded or prisoners!!! Who recollects, without hunting through some chronological dictionary, that this glorious day was the 18th of August, 1704? and who can tell the names, even of the higher ranks, of those gallant Britons who fought in this great field; who, surviving, left posterity to be proud of their glory, and who, dying, bequeathed their honours to a—not ungrateful, but—neglectful and forgetful country?

But if we called Blenheim uncelebrated, what shall we say of La Hogue, of Dettingen, of Minden, of glorious though disastrous Fontenoi, of the heights of Quebec, and of the rock of Gibraltar? why we may say of them, as our sons may of the Nile, and St. Vincent's, and Trafalgar; of Talavera, Salamanca, and Vittoria—they were all famous in their own generation; but the memory of them has vanished. An antiquary will, perhaps, have read, that Admiral Nelson was buried in St. Paul's, and the curious will go look for his monument; but for the rest, they will know no more about Lord Howe, or Lord Heathfield, than the generality of men of our own day do about Admiral Russel.

It is not enough to stick up a tablet against a wall, or collect a troop of marble Nereides and Neptunes, on a sarcophagus: these are fit honours (if the execution did not in general make them disgraces, not honours) for individual worth; but great national triumphs should stand recorded in great national monuments, which he that runs should be able to read, and which should spread amid all classes of the people the fame of their forefathers, and an emulation to live and die, like them, in the maintenance of the liberties and glories of their beloved and grateful country.

How beautifully does that great anatomist of the human heart, that fountain of natural taste, that prophet, who, in a dark age, foresaw all the feelings—all the incitements which operate upon the soul of civilized man; how movingly does Shakspeare touch the chord that vibrates through the soldier's heart the hope of immortality? How artfully and how nobly does Harry the Fifth, on the Vigil of St. Crispin, the eve of Agincourt, promise, not merely a present renown, but that King and General, Officer and Soldier, shall go together down to posterity, inscribed in one roll of eternal honour—

Then shall our names,
Familiar in their mouths as household words,
Harry the King, Bedford and Exeter,
Warwick and Talbot, Salisbury and Glo'ster—
Be in their flowing cups freshly remembered:
This story shall the good man teach his son,
And Crispin-Crispian shall ne'er go by,
From this day to the ending of the world,
But we in it shall be remembered!
We few, we happy few, we band of brothers;
For he to-day who sheds his blood with me
Shall be my brother.

PUGILISM.

We give the following, with all the scientific technicalities of our Reporter, which will be well understood by those of our readers, who are learned in these things:—

The match between Scroggins and Church, and others of inferior note, came on the 20th August, at Molesy Hurst, in presence of about fifteen thousand spectators, comprising personages of every description and mettle, from blood and bone to the best fed bounder. The equipages were as numerous as the gets-out, but it was a fighting day, and Caleb Baldwin was as great as any other amateur, as equality in the ring has been a point long understood, and etiquette is paid little or no attention to. But to return to the pugilists, we can only observe, that the public fighting of Scroggins has long since rendered him very popular, and Church came to the London ring well recommended. He first appeared, and threw his hat into the ring, followed shortly after by Scroggins. A physiognomist could not have told which shewed greatest confidence. In passing the river at Hampton, there was no bridge, and consequently no sapping corporal to do mischief by blowing up, as stated in a late enemy's retreat; but some sup-headed waterman got too many into his boat, and it went over, to the great annoyance of the cargo, but no mischief, except a ducking, happened. The amateurs, who anticipated a good fight, had all their hopes and wishes realized; for one more bravely contested we have not witnessed for many years. Belcher and Gibbons seconded Church; and Cribb and Clarke officiated for Scroggins. Betting—2 to 1 on Scroggins.

ROUNDS.

1. Scroggins made a left-handed feint, but Church was steady. Scroggins got in to his length, and with a left-handed hit, broke the centre of his adversary's nose. The hit turned Church round, and Scroggins fought impetuously at the back of the head, and Church was thrown over the ropes—5 to 2, and 3 to 1 on Scroggins.

2. Church bled profusely from the nose, and Scroggins again made play, and planted his left hand again upon the head, followed quickly by the right with the half round, and he went down, with it reeling, Scroggins following—3 to 1 on Scroggins.

3. Scroggins missed with his left hand, or rather hit short. Church planted a good left-handed hit upon his head, but Scroggins closed on him, and Church went down.

4. Scroggins had in these rounds made some desperate play, and in a technical phrase, he had ensured victory; but he had not taken the fight out of his antagonist. A smart rally followed, and both bled freely; but Scroggins shewed superiority in a trial of strength, and threw his adversary—3 to 1 on Scroggins.

5. Scroggins missed his hit, and a hugging round took place, and both fell.

6. Scroggins bled freely from a cut over the right eye, and Church had a dreadful head, and shewed bad wind. Church planted a good right-handed hit upon the eye of his antagonist.

7. No hit of consequence. Church went down weak. Any odds.

8. Church returned upon his opponent, who hit short; a rally followed. Scroggins planted a good hit, and Church went down.

9. Scroggins shewed more beating than he had ever before received. A smart rally took place after a counter-hit, and Church, by an expert movement of the foot, tripped up his adversary, but Scroggins brought him down with him.

10. Church seemed to be in deep study how he was to get his head out of Chancery, but Scroggins gave him no time for study, and in the true spirit of native gallantry, he went in with his right hand seconding his left, and again knocked him down.—The poundage was here offered, but no takers.

11, 12, and 13. Church was labouring under both loss of wind and partial deprivation of sight.

14. Scroggins gave his adversary one of the best right-handed hits on the jaw we have ever seen. It astonished the ring. A pistol-shot could not have dropped a man with more celerity.

15. Scroggins repeated this dreadful blow, after planting one of nearly the same force with the left hand on the smashed nose, and it was expected he would give in; and none but a brave man would have stood it longer. It was Billingsgate to Lumber-court about the event.

16. From the efforts of the two hits, Church was like a man reeling from a tavern, with four bottles neat, and instead of going to the scratch to set-to, he put himself in attitude with his back to his man. Scroggins soon put him right, and again hit him down.

17. Church caught his adversary with the left hand, as he was making play; a smart rally followed, but Church was knocked down again.

18. Church was led by his second to the scratch, and he fell without being hit, in an exhausted state.

19. This round produced much gallantry on both sides. Church mustered a determined effort, and he fought a manly rally;—exhausted at the end of it, he fell on the under rope of the ring, erect as if sitting on a chair, and he excited at once pity for his sufferings and admiration for his bravery: Scroggins was open to hit him, not having one knee on the ground, but he gave a specimen of the characteristic bravery of our Countrymen. The lion was reduced to the lamb: He could have won the hit upon the eye, but Scroggins hurried upon him and knocked him down by a blow on the neck.

20. Scroggins ran his adversary down.

21. Church received a most terrific left-handed hit on the eye, and down he went.

22. The ring was much astonished to find that it was in the nature of man to bear so much punishment. Scroggins had never shewn symptoms of weakness or distress, and the goodness of Church was such that he fought to the last moment.

Having now entered fully into the spirit of this combat, we shall shortly notice any particular circumstance which further occurred.

In the 24th round, Church drew blood from the eye of his antagonist in the 25th rounds; but he was either knocked down or fell in every round. He suffered severely in the 27th round; and in the 29th he made a manful, but unsuccessful contention. In the 34th round, it was hard to get him to a stand up. He was hit to pieces in every subsequent round. In the 42d, Scroggins missed his hit, and bored his adversary all round the ring with his head against the body, which caused some disapprobation, but it was accidental. In the 47th round, Church's powers seemed to be extinct. His Patrician backer desired his seconds to take him away, and the hats of Scroggins' seconds flew in the air to announce victory.

The ring was broken in as usual at the end of a fight, but Church, although in the most deplorable state the mind can figure to itself, refused to give in, and he fought four other rounds at the mercy of Scroggins, who was still fresh, but a good deal punished also. In the 51st round he received a dreadful body hit in going down, and after the 52d he could not stand. The combat lasted 59 minutes 30 seconds.

REMARKS.

After the copious detail we have given we can only add, that two men of equal bravery have seldom stripped in the ring. Scroggins shewed himself the best man of his sort our Reporter has ever seen, and he never fought so good a man as Church. Scroggins was always too quick for him, and Church met him sometimes at making play, but he was not quick enough to stop his left hand and return with his right.

The principal news in the Paris Papers is generally confined to the movements of the King and the Princes, the proceedings of Courts of Assize, and the amusements of the Theatre. Those who have read them will think, perhaps, with us, that there is nothing more ridiculous in them than their high-flown compliments. The most extravagant phrases are applied to the most usual occurrences.—Thus, when any of the Princes make their appearance in any town, the accounts in all the Paris Papers talk of the perfect delirium of delight and enthusiasm which their arrival occasioned, and the utter grief and despair which followed their departure. As Dr. Johnson said in his nervous and pithy manner—"That's cant, Sir."—His whole conversation upon the subject with Boswell may not be unappropriately quoted here.

Boswell.—Perhaps, Sir, I should be the less happy for being in Parliament—I never would sell my vote, and should be vexed if things went wrong.

Johnson.—That's cant, Sir—It would not vex you more in the House than in the Gallery. Public affairs vex no man.

Boswell.—Have they not vexed yourself a little, Sir? Have you not been vexed by all the turbulence of this reign, and by that absurd vote of the House of Commons:—"That the influence of the Crown is increased, is increasing, and ought to be diminished?"

Johnson.—Sir I have never slept an hour less nor eat an ounce less meat. I would have knocked the dogs in the head to be sure, but I was not vexed.

Boswell.—I declare, Sir, upon my honour, I did imagine I was vexed, and took a pride in it:—but it was, perhaps, cant, for I own I neither eat less nor sleep less.

Johnson.—My dear friend, clear your mind of cant—You may talk as other people do—you may say to a man, Sir, I am your most humble servant. You are not his most humble servant—you may say 'These are bad times; it is a melancholy thing to be reserved to such times.' You tell a man, 'I am sorry you had such bad weather the last day of your Journey, and were so much wet'—You don't care sixpence whether it was wet or dry.'—(Boswell's Life of Johnson.)

The Paris Papers would do well to take the advice of our great luminary, and not only clear their mind of cant, but their language. To be sure, they may retort a little upon us, and say we employ extravagant phrases in speaking of trivial events—of routs and other public parties for instance—that we talk of the delightful feelings of the company, of the high spirits of every person present, when the fact, if known, would prove to be, that every one was overwhelmed with ennui, and the guests and the hosts mutually wearied with each other.

NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.

COMMISSARY-GENERAL'S OFFICE,
Barbados, 14th Oct. 1816.

PERSONS willing to enter into Contracts for supplying His Majesty's Troops stationed at Barbados, Berbice, Demerary, Trinidad, Tobago, Grenada, St. Vincent, St. Lucia, Dominica, Antigua, Montserrat, Nevis, and St. Kitt's, separately or jointly, with RICE of the best quality, to be approved of by Boards of Survey, are requested to send Sealed Tenders in Triplicate, which must state the price in Sterling Money, in words at length, to this Office, and they will be opened on the 10th November ensuing; the Contracts to commence on the 25th day of December next, and to continue for twelve months certain.

Payment to be made on the 24th of each month, in Government Bills, or Cash, at 4s. 8d. per dollar, at the option of the Subscriber, or his successor in office.

Two securities will be required, to be named in the Tenders, to be bound in the sum of £1000. Sterling each, for the due and faithful performance of the contract at each Colony and Island.

DAVID ELLIOT,
Assist. Com.-Gen.

COMMISSARY-GENERAL'S OFFICE,
Barbados, 18th Oct. 1816.

PERSONS willing to enter into Contracts for supplying His Majesty's Troops stationed at Barbados, Berbice, Demerary, Trinidad, Tobago, Grenada, St. Vincent, St. Lucia, Dominica, Antigua, Montserrat, Nevis, and St. Kitt's, separately or jointly, with FRESH BEEF of the best quality two days in each week (or oftener if required), and to the Hospitals daily, to be approved of, if necessary, by Boards of Survey, are requested to send sealed Tenders in triplicate (which must state the price in Sterling Money, in words at length) to this Office, and they will be opened on the 10th November ensuing. The Contracts to commence on the 25th day of December next, and to continue for twelve Months certain.—Payment to be made on the 24th of each month, in Government Bills, or Cash at 4s. 8d. sterling per Dollar, at the option of the subscriber, or his successor in Office.—Two Securities will be required to be named in the Tenders, to be bound in the sum of One Thousand Pounds sterling each, for the due and faithful performance of the Contract at each Colony and Island.

DAVID ELLIOT,
Assist. Com.-Gen.

FOR LIVERPOOL,

THE Ship IRLAM, JOHN IRLAM, Master, having now all her cargo on board except about 100 casks, is intended to sail the 20th instant. For freight or passage apply to

Oct. 15. HIGGINSON, DEANE, & STOTT.

Who will be particularly obliged to their Friends, that have Produce to get down for the above Ship, to expedite the same, that she may sail the day appointed.

ON Friday the 18th instant, at 11 o'clock, will be sold to the highest bidder,

A Lot of Land, 4720 square feet, with a boarded and shingled House thereon, situated in Cheapside.

H. FARLEY.

CONSISTORY COURT, DOCTORS' COMMONS.

Meddowcroft v. Gregory, falsely called Meddowcroft.

This was a suit at the instance of Mr. Wm. Meddowcroft, of Liverpool, to annul the marriage of his son, Mr. Wm. Meddowcroft of Gray's Inn, with a Mrs. Mary Gregory, on the ground of non-consent and the undue publication of bans.

It appeared, that Mr. W. Meddowcroft, the minor, had been brought up and educated by his uncle, Mr. J. Meddowcroft, a Solicitor in Gray's Inn: on completing his education he was received into his uncle's office, and articled to him in his profession of a Solicitor. Whilst serving his clerkship, and when about the age of 19, he was placed as a boarder in the house of a Miss Lewis, of Devonshire-street, Queen-square, where he became acquainted with the Lady proceeded against the present suit, Mrs. Mary Gregory, a widow, about the age of 30. An attachment took place between them, which ultimately led to the marriage in question on the 28th of February, 1815.

Mr. J. Meddowcroft, the uncle, proved, that about April or May 1814, his nephew first disclosed to him his attachment by letter, and requested his consent to the marriage. He, in reply, told him that he was not of an age to talk on such a subject; and threatened to turn him out of doors if he persisted in the idea: he also went to Miss Lewis's to make inquiries on the subject; upon which occasion Mrs. Gregory introduced herself to him, and apprized him that his nephew had hopes of ultimately obtaining his consent; but he then positively expressed his dissent, and assured her that their mutual ruin would be the inevitable consequence of such a match, as he should turn his nephew out of doors, and discard him for ever. He repeated these assurances to her upon several subsequent occasions, until she signified to him, that as he was so positive in his determination she had given up the matter, and should think no more of it. He afterwards removed his nephew to lodgings in Cook's court, Carey-street, and remained in entire ignorance of the marriage until informed of it by a friend about November, 1815. He made various inquiries, and also endeavoured to ascertain the fact from his nephew, but without success, until in January 1816, Mrs. Gregory called upon him in Gray's Inn, and confirmed the fact, stating the particulars; upon which he animadverted with some warmth on her conduct, and threatened to prosecute her for a conspiracy. He then repaired to the parish church of St. James, Clerkenwell, where the marriage took place, and inspected the marriage-register, the entry in which was made in the right names of the parties. He examined a book kept by the parish clerk at his own house, in which he entered the names of parties, on application being made to him for the publication of bans, and found the entry to have been as between "Wm. Widowcroft, a bachelor, and Mary Gregory, widow." The parish-clerk informed him, that the names were copied from this book into the regular bans-book for publication; and, on inspecting the entry there, it appeared to have been altered from 'Widowcroft' to Meddowcroft, partly in ink of a different colour to that of the original writing, and partly by an erasure with a knife. Mrs. Ann Alexander, a boarder in Miss Lewis's house at the time Mr. W. Meddowcroft and Mrs. Gregory were there, deposed to her impression of Mrs. Gregory's endeavouring, by her constant attentions, to attach Mr. Meddowcroft to her. She took upon herself to express her opinion of the impropriety of this conduct, and the probable uneasiness that would ensue from it to Mrs. Gregory, but without effect. Upon the latter removing from Mrs. Lewis's, she took private lodgings in the same Street, where she was visited by Mrs. Alexander, whom, in February, 1815, she informed of the intended marriage, observing, that it was to be clandestine, and, above all, to be kept from the knowledge of Mr. Meddowcroft's uncle, and that she had sent the bans for publication. Mrs. Alexander was then invited, and consented to be present at the marriage: and accordingly she was so, no other person being present except the parish clerk, who gave the bride away. When they were about to sign the marriage entry, the mistake of the name in the bans-book was discovered, and altered by the minister or clerk from "Widowcroft" to Meddowcroft. Mrs. Elizabeth Bradley, in whose house Mrs. Gregory took lodgings on removing from Mrs. Lewis's, confirmed the clandestine courtship, and proved that Mrs. Gregory applied to her to get the bans put up. She asked why they could not wait until Mr. Meddowcroft was of age; but was informed by Mrs. Gregory, that it was intended to keep the marriage a secret, especially from Mr. Meddowcroft's uncle, if possible; and she then inquired what church she would recommend to have the bans put up at. After mentioning several, Mrs. Bradley suggested Clerkenwell church as being as little likely as any for them to be known at by the publication, to which Mrs. Gregory assented, and then wrote the names and necessary instructions on a slip of paper, which Mrs. Bradley, without reading, took to the parish-clerk's house, and delivered it to his daughter, who entered them in his book. Mr. Penney, the parish-clerk, confirmed what he had stated to Mr. Meddowcroft respecting the transcribing of the names from his book into the bans-book; and proved, from the three marks drawn across the names, that they had been published three times in the name 'Widowcroft,' as it originally stood. He further stated, that it is always his custom in marriages by bans to ask the parties, before the entry is signed, whether their names are spelt right in the bans-book: and upon doing so in the present instance, the mistake of the names was discovered; but the clergyman treating it as a thing of no consequence, the clerk made the alteration. The minority and non-consent were fully proved by several of Mr. Meddowcroft's relations.

Dr. Swabey and Dr. Lushington, for Mr. Meddowcroft, contended, that upon this evidence there was sufficient proof of an intentional publication of the bans in a wrong name for the purpose of concealment of the clandestinity of the marriage had in consequence of such a publication, and of the minority and non-consent. They therefore submitted, that the marriage was void under the statute.

Dr. Jenner and Dr. Dod for Mrs. Gregory, contended, that the alteration of name in the publication of bans appeared to have been the mistake of the Parish Clerk or his daughter, and not the design of either of the parties with a fraudulent view; and that the variation was of too trifling a nature to defeat altogether the object of the publication, by preventing the parties designated from being recognised by those interested in the event.—The publication was therefore a sufficient publication, and consequently the marriage had under its authority, however characterised in its circumstances, was valid in law.

Sir W. Scott stated the nature of the suit, and observed, that the Act of Parliament required in effect, though not in direct terms, that there should be a publication in the true names of the parties—the names by which they are commonly known. He then adverted to the circumstances which gave rise to the marriage, and remarked that it was a highly censurable connexion, except under circumstances of a very particular nature. There was a wide disparity between the age of the parties, though it did not appear whether there was any disparity of circumstances: the time of life of the young man was highly premature; he was dependant upon the bounty of his uncle, and should have waited to acquire a firmer footing in the world before he ventured to incumber himself with the cares of a family. The Learned Judge then alluded to the strong disapprobation expressed by the uncle on his being first informed that such a match was in contemplation, the communications made to him in reply, which led him to believe that it was abandoned; its subsequently taking place unknown to him, as proved in particular by the very strong terms of indignation in which he expressed himself on Mrs. Gregory's informing him of the particulars; and the intention of clandestinity generally, as proved by the selection of a distant Church; and the conversation with Mrs. Alexander and Mrs. Bradley, the former of whom, the Learned Judge observed, took no very proper share in the transaction. The intention of clandestinity, therefore, being fully proved, was a very great foundation for the transaction. It gave a colour to all the circumstances attending it, and shewed that it was precisely that sort of connection which it was the policy of the Act to prevent. With respect to the publication of bans, in the name of Widowcroft, the Learned Judge alluded to the paper of names originating with Mrs. Gregory, their being afterwards transcribed into the Parish Clerk's book, thence into the bans book, and not altered until the marriage; and he expressed himself satisfied that the publication had taken place in the name of Widowcroft; and observed, that it was not necessary to decide what would be the effect of such a variation of names, where no fraud was intended.—Mrs. Bradley's evidence shewed that she took to the paper; she had nothing to do with the accuracy or inaccuracy of it; she was not concerned in the affair; and therefore Widowcroft was the name she gave. It had been said, that there could be no motive for a fraudulent variation of name, because the parties would have been equally unknown in a distant parish by their real as by any assumed names; but it was to be presumed, that a person intending fraud would use every means that offered; and the fact of the publication being in a distant church was not of itself enough to induce a belief that there was no fraud in the name intended. But then it was said, that the variation would, under such circumstances, have been more material, and that the parties could have meant nothing by so slight a one. The Learned Judge, however, thought that it was a most material alteration: an alteration of the initial letter produced a much more material change than an alteration in the body or at the end of a name; but he did not mean to hold that this would operate in all cases, or that a mere misspelling of a name would have any such effect. The alteration in question was a very material one; so material, at least, as not to lead any indifferent auditor to believe that it was the same person. The uncle, indeed, had he been present, might have suspected the identity, because he had already a suspicion of the event itself; but any friends who could have given him the information might, from such a publication, have even been unable to recognise the person meant. There was evidently an intention to elude the vigilance of parental rights; the act was to be clandestine, and this was an auxiliary circumstance to ensure its success. The Learned Judge then expressed his opinion, that it was to be considered as the act of Mrs. Gregory, and as her act solely; the minor appeared to have nothing to do with it, but manifested great surprise when it was discovered. Upon the whole of the case, he thought that there was a fraudulent publication of bans, for a fraudulent purpose; that the name was altered to defeat the end of publication, and elude the notice of parties interested, in violation of the spirit of the marriage act; and therefore he was bound, in obedience to that act, to pronounce the marriage null and void. Sentence accordingly.

The following incidents, which occurred to the Duke of Wellington, on his recent visit to Bristol, bear honourable testimony to the benevolence of his disposition:—A Mr. Tripp, a respectable butcher, with his son, a lad about nine years of age, were both on one horse; the son, in the hurry and confusion of the moment, was apparently in great hazard of being thrown, when the Duke starting up, caught the child in his arms, took him into his own carriage, and during the remainder of the procession suffered him to stand behind with his valet.—A soldier had pressed through the crowd, and at the door of the carriage begged permission to shake hands with the hero, a privilege he claimed from having been his companion in arms. "A hard day you and me had of it, your honour, this day seven years!" "Where was that, my lad?" "At Talavera, your honour." "Ah!—had quite forgotten it was the 27th of July: and to what regiment did you belong?" asked the Duke. "To the 3d Guards," replied the soldier. "And why are you absent from it?" "Look at my arm, your honour," says the soldier—he had lost it in his country's cause. The Duke immediately gave him a pound note.

OCTOBER HATH XXXI DAYS.

D. H. M.
Full Moon......1 at 5 20 Morning |Sun
Last Quarter...8 at 5 36 Morning |R.|S.
New Moon.....15 at 2 57 Night |5h.51
First Quarter...27 at 8 59 Night |5h.44

1|Tu |St. Remigius. Hibernian Lodge |3|57
2|W. |Albion Lodge |3|57
3|Th |St. Peter's Lodge |3|57
4|F. |Exch. Court. EXERCISING DAY. |4|56
Clocks too slow 11 m. 33 s.
5|S. | |4|56
6|F |17 Sunday after Trinity |4|56
7|M |Seaforth Lodge, St. John's Lodge |5|55
8|Tu |Grand Day |5|55
9|W.|St. Deny's. Grand Chap. 308. |5|55
10|Th|Gr. Hurr. in Barbados, 1780. R.A.B.C|6|54
11|F. |Day's length, 11 h. 40 m. |6|54
Days decreased, 58 min.
12|S. | |6|54
13|F |18 Sunday after Trinity |7|53
14|M |Grand Chapter |7|53
15|Tu |Council Day. Chan. Co. Scot. Lodge |8|52
16|W.|Concord Lodge |8|52
17|Th|Ethelred |9|51
18|F. |St. Luke |9|51
Clocks slow 14 m. 55 s.
19|S. | |9|50
20|F |19 Sunday after Trinity |10|50
Night's Length, 12 h. 20 m.
21|M |Exch. Ent. GUARD DAY—afternoon|10|50
22|Tu | |10|49
23|W |Sun enters Scorpio |10|49
24|Th|Nights increased 1 h. 8 m. |11|49
25|F |K. Geo. 3d Acces. EXERCISING D.|11|49
26|S. |King Geo. 3d Procl. 1760 |11|49
27|F |20 Sunday after Trinity |12|48
28|M |St. Simon and Jude |12|48
29|Tu|Clocks slow 16 m. 7 s. |12|48
30|W |St. Michael's Lodge |13|47
31|Th|Days decreased 1 h. 2 m. |13|47

THE Brig JANE, John Ford, Master, will sail in the course of ten days. For freight or passage apply to

Oct. 5. JOHN MOORE.

Who will purchase a few Casks of good Sugar.

FOR DUBLIN,

THE fast-sailing Brig General Moore, J. H. HARDCASTLE, Master, will sail on or before the 15th October next.—The Friends of Messrs. Wodgkinson, Porter, & Co. and those who have kindly promised to assist the loading the said brig, are informed that she will be ready to receive sugars on the 2d Oct.

Sept. 28—tf. JON. DUNN, Sen.

Who will be thankful to his Friends for their kind favours to this vessel.

FOR LIVERPOOL,

THE ship IRLAM, JOHN IRLAM, Master, is now ready to receive Sugars, and will sail as soon as loaded. For freight or passage apply to

Sept. 7. HIGGINSON, DEANE, & STOTT.

WANTED

BY the subscriber, 30 or 40 casks of good Sugar, and a few bales of Cotton, for which he will pay cash on delivery.

JONATHAN DUNN, SEN.

Palmeta-street, Oct. 1—tf.

Who has for sale, deal boards, plank, and New-England shingles, cheap for cash or produce.

A few baskets superior CHAMPAGNE for sale by

Oct. 8— J. MACALPIN.

Printed and published every Tuesday and Saturday by
WILLIAM WALKER & Co.

At Six Dollars per annum; and if sent to the neighbouring Islands, Eight Dollars;
PAYABLE IN ADVANCE.