BARBADOS MERCURY,
AND BRIDGE-TOWN GAZETTE.

SIX DOLLARS PER ANNUM.]

SATURDAY, AUGUST 10, 1816.

NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.

NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.

ALL articles furnished for the use of His Excellency Lieut.-General Sir James Leith, will be paid for at the time of purchase; and no other account will be paid, unless supported by Vouchers signed by one of His Excellency's Aides-de-Camp.

All Accounts properly supported by Vouchers, will be paid on application to Captain Moody, A.D.C. & P. Sec. at the Stationary Engineer's Quarters, every Saturday.

T. MOODY, AD.C. & P. Sec.
King's-House, Aug. 7, 1816.

COMMISSARY-GENERAL'S OFFICE,
Barbados, 2d July, 1816.

TENDERS for Government Limes will be received at this Office.

DAVID ELLIOT,
Assistant Commissary General.

ARMY CONTRACTS
COMMISSARY GENERAL'S OFFICE,
Barbados, August 9, 1816.

MUSCOVADO SUGAR, VINEGAR, FUEL WOOD, COALS, CANDLES, LAMP OIL, COTTON WICK, QUICK AND COMMON LIME.

SUCH persons as may be willing to enter into Contracts from the 25th Dec. for one year certain, for supplying any of the above articles, of the best quality, to be subject to the approval of a Board of Survey, on delivery at the Commissariat and Quarter and Barrack-Master Stores at St. Ann's, are informed, that sealed Tenders, in Triplicate, will be received at this Office until the 5th September, at ten o'clock in the morning.

The prices to be stated, at length, for Cocoa, Coffee, and Sugar in sterling money, in Currency; the two former to be delivered in Bags, and the latter in Hogsheads, these packages will be considered the property of Government, and no allowance made for them.

Payment will be made on the 24th of each month for such articles as have been delivered, in Government Bills, at 4s 8d. per dollar.

Two Securities (to be named in the Tender) will be required for the due performance of the Contract.

DAVID ELLIOT,
Assist. Com.-Gen.

COMMISSARY-GENERAL'S OFFICE,
Barbados, Aug. 9, 1816

COCOA, COFFEE, AND SUGAR.

ALL persons desirous of contracting to supply Corn Meal or Guinea Grass for the use of the Horses attached to the Quarter and Barrack-Master-General, Commissariat and Hospital Departments in this Island, deliverable to the respective Departments, for one year certain, from the 25th Dec. next inclusive, are requested to send Tenders in Triplicate to this Office, marked "Tenders for Green Forage," on or before the 5th Sept. by ten o'clock in the morning.

Sixteen Horses are at present attached to these Departments; should there be any increase or decrease, due notice will be given.

The daily ration to consist of 50 lbs. of Guinea Grass or Corn Meal to each Horse.

Two Securities (to be named in the Tender) will be required for the due performance of the Contract.

DAVID ELLIOT,
Assist.-Com.-Gen.

COOPERS AND PIONEERS.

COMMISSARY-GENERAL'S OFFICE,
Barbados, 9th Aug. 1816

SUCH persons as are desirous of contracting to furnish Coopers and Pioneers for the service of the Quarter and Barrack-Master-General, Commissariat, and Hospital Departments, as also for the Regiments in this Island, according as the same may be from time to time required, from the 25th Dec. next, for one year certain, are invited to send Proposals, in Triplicate, for the whole or any part thereof, to this Office, on or before the 5th Sept. next, at ten o'clock in the morning.

Payment will be made monthly in Cash or Government Bills, at 4s. 8d. per dollar, at the option of the Commissary General.

Coopers and Pioneers will receive the usual ration of Provisions from the Commissariat Stores, charged to such persons.

For the probable number that may be required, and any other particulars, application may be made at this Office.

Two Securities (to be named in the Tender) will be required for the due performance of the Contract.

DAVID ELLIOT,
Assist. Com.-Gen.

LIGHTERAGE

COMMISSARY-GENERAL'S OFFICE,
Barbados, 9th Aug. 1816

ANY person willing to contract from the 25th Dec. next, for one year certain, for supplying large and small Boats for the service of the Quarter and Barrack Department, will send sealed Tenders in Triplicate to this Office, until the 5th Sept. next, at ten o'clock in the morning.

Payment to be made in Cash or Government Bills, at 4s. 8d. per dollar, at the option of the subscriber.

Two Securities (to be named in the Tender) will be required for the due performance of the Contract.

DAVID ELLIOT,
Assist. Com.-Gen.

West India Commissioners' Office,
Barbados, 9th Aug. 1816.

CASH is wanted at this Office for BILLS of EXCHANGE upon the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to be drawn by the Subscriber, and approved by the Select West India Commissioners.

S. HARMAN, Sec.

CUSTOM-HOUSE,
Bridge-Town, Aug. 9, 1816

ON Wednesday, August 14, will be sold at this place, the sloop RESOLUTION with her tackle, apparel, and furniture, as she now lies in the Pier-head; also the remainder of her cargo, consisting of staves, shooks, and hoops, seized by the Officers of His Majesty's Customs at this Port, and condemned by the Worshipful Richard Cobham, Jun. Judge of the Court of Vice-Admiralty in this Island.

J. A. BECKLES
JOHN STUART
Actg. Coll.

NOTICE is hereby given, that Renn Phillips, of the Parish of St. Michael, hath petitioned His Excellency the Governor for permission to act as Guardian to the person and estate of Mary Phillips, an Infant under the age of fourteen years.

TO be Sold,

A very fine English HORSE, rising four years old, of pure blood bay. To prevent trouble, the lowest price £100.

J. C. ABRAMS.
Havering Bower, opposite Eagle-Hall, Aug. 10—2a.

THE subscriber has just landed a fresh Lot of second quality Cork Butter, in light firkins, which he will sell cheap for cash.

Aug. 10—di. OLIVER COOKE.

MESDAMES FENWICK & RUTHERFORD

Continue gratefully to acknowledge the liberal encouragement their Establishment has received, and beg leave to inform their Friends, &c. that the vacancies which occurred on their late removal from Beckwith-square to the house, on the PIER-HEAD, previously occupied by Francis Williams, Esq. are now filled up; and that they cannot receive any more Day Scholars till fresh vacancies take place.

They still wish to increase the number of their Boarders, for whose accommodations the House they now occupy is peculiarly adapted, from its airy, quiet, and healthy situation. They take the liberty to suggest to Parents resident in the Country, that young Ladies who come to Town for Education, have advantages in boarding where they receive their daily instruction. All risques and hindrances from changes of weather are avoided; and, in the hours of domestic freedom, when School restraint is laid aside, constant opportunities occur of improving the language and manners of the Pupils; of conveying useful instruction in the most pleasing form, namely, that of social intercourse. It is obvious that those persons, the business of whose lives it is to superintend the education of young people, will naturally be more watchful and observant than others (however kindly disposed or capably qualified), whose attention must necessarily be called off by their own pursuits and occupations.

Mrs. Fenwick's health is nearly re-established.—She and Mrs. Rutherford constantly make one family with their Boarders, and pay every attention to their comfort and happiness jointly with their improvement.

Lately imported from England, for the use of the Seminary, and for sale, a great variety of choice School-Books and new Publications;—Ladies' Stationery assorted, richly embossed Writing Paper, fancy Paper, gold Borders and Ornaments, elegant Inkstands, Boxes of Prints, Port Folios, &c. &c.

THE Commandant of the Royal Regiment of Militia requests that the Royal Regiment of Militia will meet on their Parade-Ground by Six o'Clock of the Morning on Friday next the 16th instant. Aug. 10.

THE Subscriber forbids all persons trespassing (particularly shooting) on the Race-Ground attached to Neal's Plantation, as the Law will be enforced against all offending, from this day to the 10th Nov. next.

Aug. 10—2a. T. R. ROBERTS.

NOTICE.

ALL persons indebted to the Estate of S. W. BREWSTER, deceased, are requested to settle their Accounts immediately with the undersigned, as there are many pressing demands against the Estate, which must be discharged; therefore he must, without respect to persons, be under the necessity of placing all accounts due the Estate, in the hands of his Attorney at Law, to be sued the next entry day, in case they do not come forward in the mean time.

Aug. 10—2n. D. JAMES, Qual. Exar.

FOR SALE,

A Handsome Blood MARE, 14½ hands high, rising seven years; is perfectly sound, and free from vice—Price £100, Sterling.

Aug. 10—2a. JOHN M'GUIFFIE & Co.

FOR sale by the subscriber, about two and a half acres excellent Land, near Gibraltar and adjoining Lands of The Hon. J. Brathwaite and Mr. Serjeant; also the Land called Orman's Battery, near the Engineers Wharf, which will be sold together, or in lots to suit purchasers. Should the said land not be sold by the 31st inst. it will then be sold at auction. Also for sale, 2 saddle and draft Horses.

Aug 10—3i. T. W. WHITE.

Who earnestly requests all persons indebted to him to settle their accounts, as further indulgence cannot be granted, particularly to those long standing.

FOR SALE,

A Small but neat and very comfortable COTTAGE, in Cheapside, which has for several years been the temporary residence of Judge Gittens, when in Town.

Enquire of

Aug. 10—2i JACOB BELGRAVE.

LIST of NEGROES in the CAGE.
[Bridge-Town, Aug. 10, 1816.]

Negroes' Names. Owners' Names.
Bob Capt. Hill
Sam T. Griffith, decd. (female)
Joe Dr. Tadd, deceased
Sally Susanna Cammell
Susy Ann Mr. Ellis
Niblett Forster Clarke, Esq.

Owners of Runaway Slaves are requested to send to this place of confinement at least once a week, when such as have been lodged here can be delivered to them.—By order,

J. SIDNEY, Gaoler.

Parish of St. Michael, Aug. 10, 1816.

NOTICE is hereby given to all persons in arrear to this Parish Taxes to the 14th March last, that the list thereof is in the hands of the Clerk of the Vestry, for the purpose of making immediate Collection.

Aug. 6—2n.

Parish of St. Michael, 2d Aug. 1816.

THE Gentlemen of the Vestry for this Parish are earnestly requested to give their attendance at Church, by 10 o'clock on Monday the 12th inst. on particular business.

WANTED immediately to Hire, about 25 NEGRO MEN, as Pioneers, at St Ann's. Any person or persons desirous of furnishing them, will be informed of the particulars on application to

Aug. 6—2a JOHN LEWIS,
Near the Temple.

THE subscriber offers for sale, two boarded and shingled HOUSES, both in the Vicinity of Constitution, with Out-Offices complete, and in good repair.—They will be sold cheap, to ready-money purchasers.

JANE SHERRIFF.
Constitution, Aug. 6—2a

THE Friends and Customers of the subscribers are respectfully informed, that their Shop is removed to the House lately advertised by Mr. Wharton, at the head of High-street.

Aug. 6—da. J. WATSON & Co.

Mr. Watson, being in an eligible situation, is disposed to take a few boarders. In addition to the branches he has hitherto taught, he shall in future give instructions in Geography, History, and Chronology. He has a capacious Cellar to let.

[PAGE 2]

FOR LONDON,

THE Ship NELSON, Thomas Barton, Master, will positively sail on Wednesday the 14th inst.—The Friends of Messrs. Daniel, and Shippers generally, are respectfully solicited to expedite their favours to said vessel.

CON. A. HOWELL & SON,
Aug. 10. THOMAS LOUIS.

St. Philip, Aug. 9, 1816

WE beg to offer, through the medium of this paper, our warmest thanks to those Gentlemen who honoured us by their support at the late Election of Members for the Representation of our Parish.

We deem it great cause to triumph, having enrolled such highly exemplary characters as these who manifested their approbation of our worthiness to fill so important a situation. We were sanguine of success, but the undue influence of Mordecai prevailed, who is accepted of the multitude. We have to solicit others to be the sentinels and guardians over our rights and properties, it having been publicly avowed in the presence of the Electors of our Parish, that the situation was burdensome, and did not excite emulation, we therefore cannot expect exertion. 

JAMES CRICHLOW,
W. MURRELL.

THE subscriber, Qualified Administrator to the Estate of James Maxwell, Esq. deceased, requests all persons indebted to come forward and pay off their accounts. Otherwise, after this notice, all executions must be levied, and all notes or open accounts will be sued for without respect to persons.

Aug. 10 F. WILLIAMS.

FOR Sale on very moderate terms, a light Gig, with parasol and curtains, lately imported, and built according to particular instructions; and a Horse, which, with regular exercise, will be found steady and powerful in the draught, and may be used occasionally as a Charger.—Enquire at this Office. Aug. 10.

FOR Sale at the store occupied by LABERTOUCHE & WALKER,

Superior champaign, sauterne, port wine in bottles, and claret in bottle and wood; porter in do.; beer and Burton ale in bottle and cask; London patent 10-inch cables and smaller size. New cocoa in bags, Bristol wood hoops; crab wood, locust, ducallyhally, & other furniture wood, just landed; white oak staves & heading; beef in barrels, soap and candles, English cane-bottom chairs, with several other articles, to close sales. Aug. 10—tf.

PUBLIC SALES.

ON Monday the 12th inst. will be sold at the store of the subscriber,

Sundry articles of dry goods, 50,000 4d. 28,000 6d.—14,000 10d.—and 10,000 20d. nails, 412 lb. copper nails, some 9-inch paving squares, and a few thousand feet crab-wood boards.

Aug. 10. BENJ. INNISS.

At private sale, a light phaeton, which may be driven either with one or two horses, and an excellent draft horse.

ON Monday next the 12th will be sold at the store of the subscriber,

Fifty pieces brown linen, 50 pieces check, and sundry articles of dry goods; butter, candles, soap, 20 dozen porter, a square table with D ends, one iron chest, &c. 

W. DOWRICH

ON Monday Next the 12th inst. will be sold at the store of the subscriber,

10,000 quills, 40 pieces dingle linen, and sundry other dry goods; also boxes candles and soap, barrels pork, firkins butter, &c.

Aug. 10 S. CUTTING.

At private sale, two female servants (each with a child)—they are good sempstresses and houseservants.

ON Monday next the 12th inst. will be sold at the store of the subscriber,

Sundry articles dry goods, boxes candles and soap, firkins butter, barrels beef, pork, coffee, &c.—Also 2 negro women and a child, one of them a complete washer, &c.—sold for no fault whatever.

Aug. 10—li JOS. LEACOCK

At private sale, a second hand gig with harness, and a good gig horse.

ON Tuesday next the 13th inst. will be sold at the store of the subscriber,

Ten barrels American flour, 17 barrels crackers, 65 dozen wired porter, 8 rounds beef, 15 firkins butter; and a negro woman, a good retailer of goods, with her girl child, 4 years old.

Aug. 10. H. FARLEY

At private sale, a new fashionable Tilbury Gig on double springs, with brass-mounted harness complete; 2 cases French cambrics well assorted, and a few pieces Imperial twine sheeting.

ON Monday next the 12th instant, at 11 o'clock, will be sold at the Mess-room of the Royal Artillery, St. Ann's—2 Trunks of very valuable French and Italian Books, by the latest authors, quite new.

Aug. 6. HENRY FARLEY, Auctioneer.

ON Wednesday the 14th instant will be sold on the premises, at public auction, to the highest bidder, for cash on executing the bill of Sale,

The PLACE of the late Mr. James Willson, situated near Oistin's-Town, containing near ten acres of Land; with 90 Cocoa-nut Trees thereon, in full bearing.

Aug. 6—3a H.C. WILSON, Qual. Exor.

BRIDGE-TOWN.

"Sit mihi fas audita loqui,"—et que ad Rempublicam pertinent in lucem proferre.

SATURDAY, AUGUST 10.

ON Tuesday last, it was proposed and agreed to in the House of Assembly, that £4000. should be the annual Colonial salary of His Excellency Sir James Leith, G.C.B during his Administration of this Government; but, upon being apprised of this vote of the Assembly, the Governor, with a liberality rarely to be met with, handsomely declined the acceptance of more than £3000.; conceiving, no doubt, that the losses lately sustained in this Island, as well as the unavoidable expenditure of the public money which had taken place, would not admit of so ample a provision for His Excellency's establishment as that which had been granted for that purpose.

We are convinced that the Public will feel much pleasure upon being acquainted, that our Legislature, taking into consideration those great personal exertions which were used by Col. Codd, during the late disturbances, have voted the sum of £1000. sterling, for the purchase of such articles of Plate as may be most acceptable to him; and they have also directed, that 20 guineas each be given to Brigade-Major Cruttenden and Capt. Watt, to be laid out as they may think proper, as a token of the Country's appreciation of their zealous services on that occasion.

The Thanks of the House were likewise voted to Col. Codd, and the Regular Troops under his command, for those unceasing duties which they so willingly performed; and also to Col. Mayers and the Royal Regiment of Militia; as well as Colonel Best and the Christ Church Corps; for their prompt co-operation with His Majesty's Forces, by which tranquillity was so speedily restored.

Richard Cobham, Jun. Esq. (on the resignation of the Hon. W. Grasett) has been appointed and sworn in Judge of the Vice-Admiralty Court of this Island.

On Thursday last, the French frigate Normande, Capt. Villeneuve, arrived here, and was the bearer of a letter from His Majesty Louis XVIII. to His Excellency Sir James Leith, G.C.B. expressing his acknowledgments for that protection which the Governor afforded to those of his subjects who had faithfully adhered to the cause of their Monarch in the French Colonies in these Seas; and His Majesty at the same time acquainted His Excellency, that he had conferred upon him the dignity of Great Cross of the Order of Merit, the insignia of which, and an elegant Sword, would be sent by the Fourgonnette frigate, which was shortly to leave France for this Country.

The ship Lord Eldon, and two brigs (transports), appeared in the offing on Thursday evening, on their way from Bermuda to Trinidad, with some troops.

Died.—Yesterday, at Warren's, Miss Maria, daughter of the Hon. Samuel Hinds;—also T. F. Estwick, Esq.

SPORTING INTELLIGENCE.

East Coast, Aug. 6, 1816.

Our Course having been neglected for several years, the Amateurs of the Turf were again (yesterday) gratified, by a start of four capital Steeds, viz.—

Clodpate—a well-known, dull, and old stager;
Petticoat—a sly, wall-eyed mare;
Kirton....a bay horse, and
Price....a chesnut horse (flaxen mane and tail), both young and high-mettled.

Running for the valuable prize—the Country Plate.

Before and on starting, bets ran very high in favor of the two first (5 to 3)—the crafty ones trusting chiefly to the stubborn spirit of Clodpate, and the ardent, long strides of Petticoat, as well as the peculiar feeding of both on cotton seeds. The absence of Capt. Turner from the Turf inspirited Clodpate; and the free cordials of Don Roderick (an established Spanish Jockey) supported Petticoat; so that Kirton and Price were completely distanced, as they had neither due time, nor knowing ones to feed them;—and there is little doubt but that the Don used some unfair means in feeding his horses, or bribing the grooms of his adversaries.—[Petticoat came in much discoloured.]—The business was short and hollow. The Sportsmen then returned to their respective hotels;—one party regaled on a profuse provision of sea-scurf, and announced their joy by expending the powder saved in the late Insurrection;—the other party was handsomely entertained, and passed a social evening in anticipating a more successful effort, when no foul play should be used.

No unpleasant accidents occurred for the day.

N.B.—Thurban (a slippery one upon the turf) refused to pay his part of the stake, as the young ones were not sufficiently up to him, to make him pay or play. 

Yours,
One of the Marine Sporting Club.

BONAPARTE.

St. Helena—Bonaparte has christened this place "The Isle of Mists amid Desolation." Longwood, where he resides at present, is the only plain in the island: upon it grow numbers of melancholy looking, useless trees, called by the natives gum-wood, which being all of nearly the same height and shape, give to the whole a sombre appearance. It is the only spot in the island where a carriage can be driven with horses; for you must know that, previous to our arrival, the only vehicle of the kind in the island was slowly dragged along by bullocks! Plantation House and Grounds are an instance of what art can effect in a place denied every thing but mists, by nature. His limits are now about four miles in extent, where he may go without being accompanied by any British officer, and by dint of tacking, like Hawser Trunnion working up to church to be married, he may considerably lengthen his ride. Had he ever any intention of effecting his escape from this cage, the view of it, and the precautions taken by Sir G. Cockburn, must ere now have perfectly convinced him of the utter impracticability of it. Those about him say that he never had any intention of the kind, and that his sole ambition now is to be permitted to end his days in England. He is greatly dissatisfied with his sojourn here, and frequently, I understand, expresses his indignation at the conduct of the Ministers in sending him to this remote and hideous rock. The letters you have seen in the papers, describing the ladies of the island to be grossly ignorant, and only able to articulate yes or no in answer to a question, are false and scandalous, as there are several very fine, sensible, and entertaining girls on the rock (some of whom have even been educated in England), and who form the principal ornament in society here.

STATE OF BONAPARTE.

Dover, June 17.—The brig Providence, Captain Benson, from Havre-de-Grace, bound to London, put in here, it blowing very fresh; this vessel has a very large case on her deck, containing a statue of Bonaparte in white marble; it is about thirteen feet high, and weighs upwards of seven tons; it is consigned to the French Consul in London, and is said to be for the Prince Regent. The weight of this case on the deck is so great, that it was not deemed prudent for the vessel to go round the Foreland until the weather became more moderate.

WATERLOO SUBSCRIPTION.

The Committee of the Waterloo Subscription, anxious to present to the Public at large, some account of their proceedings, select with peculiar satisfaction, the Anniversary of that auspicious day, which in the glorious, the unrivalled Field of Waterloo, has given Peace to Europe.

Lamenting, in common with a grateful people, those honoured names, which have paid with life, the price of Victory—the Committee have looked with anxious solicitude to the Widows and Orphans of the slain—to relieve their wants—to assuage their sorrows, became their first and indispensable duty. The fatherless children next claimed their care. These great objects attained, the Committee had the happiness to find themselves enabled by the Public liberality, to mitigate the sufferings and to relieve the pain of honourable wounds, by presenting to each gallant Soldier the voluntary tribute of his Country's gratitude. A pecuniary donation may thus be received with honour—no delicacy can be offended by the offer—no rank be disgraced by the acceptance.

In the early progress of the Subscription, the Committee were necessarily incompetent to form any conjecture as to its final amount, and they were equally ignorant of the number of each class which might eventually claim their attention;—whilst the knowledge of these facts was obviously requisite to the ultimate formation of a scale of distribution. But the necessity of immediate assistance in numerous cases, precluded the idea of delay: the Committee therefore transmitted money by one of their members, to the Army abroad, and at the same time dispensed relief to the most pressing cases at home.

They have subsequently investigated, with the greatest diligence and attention, each claim presented to them; and in the performance of this laborious task, they took into consideration various plans of distribution.

Foreseeing the incalculable evils which might result from an indiscriminate payment of money—(from improvident management, or from other causes) which to the parties might be productive rather of injury than of benefit, and instead of adding to the sum of human happiness, might tend to diminish its amount; the Committee resolved on a certain principle of distribution, the best adapted, in their apprehension, to shield the orphan from neglect or oppression—to rear to maturity, in moral and industrious habits, the children of the killed—to guard the weak against the dangers of their own improvidence, and to secure the unprotected Widow against the impositions of fraud.

These considerations led the Committee to a general preference in favour of inalienable Annuities.

It is intended to grant to the Widows generally, life Annuities.

To their children, annuities to the age of seven, and from seven to fourteen an increased amount, adequate to their maintenance and education. A gratuity also, on attaining the latter period, for the purpose of placing them in situations to acquire a future livelihood. At the age of 21, or if females at an earlier period, in case of marriage, a further benefaction in money, provided they shall not have forfeited their claim by disorderly conduct.

To the children of Veteran Officers, annuities until of age, and at that period, or earlier if females in case of marriage, a sum of money, determined by the rank of the deceased parent.

To Orphans, deprived as they are of parental care, allowances proportionate to their rank, and to the circumstances of each aggravated calamity.

To the disabled Officers, Non-commissioned, and Privates, life annuities.

To the disabled Officers, the option of an equivalent in money.

To the Officers severely wounded, a sum of money.

To the Non-commissioned and Privates severely wounded, (being discharged), likewise a pecuniary gratuity.

In certain, indeed in numerous cases, the claims of Parents, and of other relatives of the killed, have also been liberally considered.

In forming this scale of distribution, the Committee have not been unmindful of the effectual co-operation of our Allies; and they have the satisfaction to state, that the sums already remitted to Berlin, Hanover, Amsterdam, and Brunswick, have been acknowledged with expressions of the warmest gratitude.

The Committee have thus the pleasure of communicating to the Public the progress of their labours, in the confident expectation that the principle adopted for the distribution of the munificent Fund entrusted to their management, will be generally approved; and they indulge the hope, that this honourable testimony of a Nation's feeling—of a Nation's gratitude—will rank in the page of History amongst the most splendid of her records.

GEO BECKWITH, Chairman.
Waterloo Committee-Room, June 18, 1816.

HOUSE OF COMMONS, June 14, 1816.

MILITARY AND NAVAL MONUMENTS.

Mr. Tierney observed, that from an advertisement in the public papers, the Government appeared to have resolved to expend £300,000. on the Waterloo and Trafalgar Monuments or Columns. In the present state of the country he would suggest to the House and the Ministers whether any step ought to be taken before next Session, which would tend to fix the nation with so enormous an expense.—(Hear!)

He was not against paying due honours to our glorious achievements—glories, however, that would live in the recollection of every Englishman without these expensive Columns—(hear!) but he must protest against Works being commenced to involve the country in an expense of £300,000. or more likely half a million, during the prorogation of Parliament. (Hear!)

The Chancellor of the Exchequer replied, that nothing had been determined upon; that certainly nothing would be done before next Session; and that the sum of £300,000 had been fixed upon as a guide to artists, who were invited to prepare plans and models. On the plans being collected, it would be referred to the Treasury to decide upon the sum; and such reference, he apprehended, could not be made before the next meeting of Parliament.

Mr. Tierney was glad to hear of the delay that was to take place before next Session, but he could not avoid observing, that the treasury appeared to be determined to expend at least £150,000. on each of the monuments.

Mr Long said, if these monuments were now objected to, the objection was against the votes of the House, not against the Ministers.

LATE REPORT OF A COMMITTEE OF THE HOUSE OF COMMONS,

RESPECTING THE CULTIVATION OF TOBACCO IN GREAT BRITAIN.

The Committee are of opinion, that neither the soil nor climate of this Country are ill adapted to the cultivation of tobacco; but the difficulty of collecting the duty on that article grown at home, and the temptation to defraud the revenue, so long as the present duties on imported tobacco continue, induce the Committee to recommend that no alteration should be made in the laws respecting tobacco. We give the following extract of the evidence relative to tobacco: it is curious, and seems to comprehend the whole subject:—it is also very clear and precise.

Mr. Thomas Wishart called in and examined.

What are you?—A tobacconist resident in Coventry street.

Do you believe the soil and climate of this Country at all adapted to the growth of tobacco?—I think we might almost grow it in any part of the Country, but I do not think it would be as good as the American till we got into the habit of it.

Do you think the quality of it would be equal to the Dutch?—I think superior.

Do you know what species of tobacco it is that (as you have informed us) you have growing in your garden?—It is from some seed that came from South America, but it alters very much; it is a round leaf, something like a lettuce, but a great deal taller.

Do you think there would be any difficulty in drying and preparing it in this Country?—I think none at all.

Do you recollect the circumstance of tobacco being grown in Scotland during the American war?—I do.

Can you give the Committee any information upon the subject?—At the time of the American war, the price of tobacco was so high, that some persons in Scotland took advantage of the Act of Parliament relative to tobacco (this Act was that passed before the Union), prohibiting any person growing tobacco in England, but it had no view to the laws of Scotland; and there being no duty imposed upon tobacco in Scotland, a few persons found it an advantage to cultivate it, and continued to do so till a duty equal to the American was put upon them, which put a stop to the growth directly.

Do you know what the quality of that tobacco was?—It was inferior to the general run of tobacco which came from America.

Was it such tobacco as could have found a ready market in England?—The price being so much lower, in consequence of there being no duty upon it, it was all consumed. I think they carried it on for three years altogether.

If no duty whatever was levied upon tobacco imported, and it was free to import foreign tobacco, as cheap as it could be purchased, and if there was no prohibition upon the growth of tobacco in this country, do you think, under these circumstances, the home grower could not enter into a competition with the foreign?—I do not think he could, unless there was a duty upon foreign.

Upon what grounds do you rest that opinion?—I rest it in the land which it requires, which is the best land; the quantity of manure it requires, which must be the best manure; and the price of labour.

If the duty upon tobacco imported was continued as it is at present, and a duty nearly approaching to that in amount was put upon tobacco of home-growth by the excise, in the same manner as the duty upon hops, do you think the cultivation could be carried on with success?—It would depend upon the duty; the difference must be considerable.

Have you any idea what the difference ought to be?—I cannot say; at the same time I do not think the excise would be able to collect the duty, if it were grown in all parts of the United Kingdom.

KENT COUNTY MEETING.

On the 17th June, Maidstone was a scene of such disgraceful confusion, as cannot be recorded without the most painful feelings, by any man who wishes for the welfare and happiness of England. It had been already known, that a requisition, most respectably signed, and embracing the names of opposite opinions in political life, had been transmitted to the High Sheriff of this county; in consequence of which he appointed a public meeting to be held, simply for the purpose of congratulating the Royal Family on the marriage of the Princess Charlotte of Wales. Yesterday was the day fixed for this meeting to take place, and the following is a faithful report of the proceedings of the assembly:—

Among the Noblemen and Gentlemen who were on either side of the High Sheriff, were noticed the Marquis Camden, Lords Darnley, Clifton, Sidney, and Ebenet, Sir Edward Knatchbull, Sir William Geary, Sir Thomas Dyke, the Hon. Colonel Harris, and some Clergymen. Waggons were drawn out in the usual form, but all the precautions used could not prevent the populace from pre-occupying two of the waggons; and this disarrangement previously to the commencement of the proceedings, had some effect in facilitating the objects of those persons who had evidently come for the sole purpose of stirring up resistance and noise.

Lord Clifton moved the Addresses:—the first, offering to the Prince Regent the sincere congratulations on the marriage of his daughter, and assuring his Royal Highness of their being sensible of those blessings which this country had enjoyed under the sway of his Illustrious House; the second, to her Majesty the Queen; and the third, to Princess Charlotte and Prince Leopold, with an expression of hope that their union would be beneficial to the nation at large, while productive of their domestic peace.

Colonel Harris said, he most cordially concurred with the sentiments of the Noble Lord, and begged leave to second the Addresses that had been proposed.

Upon the High Sheriff now putting the Address to the Prince Regent, and the majority of hands proving to be adverse to it, no declaration was made by him, on which the populace called, "Where's the majority?"—That proposed to the Queen, and those also to the Princess Charlotte and Prince Leopold, experienced the same fate, with mutterings of 'Send up a petition for employment for the poor,' and "We can't afford to keep Foreigners," from the deluded and disaffected in all quarters.

[Here one of the populace had the effrontery to remark that only two hands were held up except by the High Sheriff and his friends. Sir Wm. Geary then challenged this man as to his condition in life, when he turned out to be a journeyman watchmaker, who was only a lodger in the town!]

Sir W. Geary now endeavoured, if possible, to reclaim the populace to something like sense, reminding them of the manner in which he had represented them. He declared it as his opinion that no one qualified to enter into the merits of the question could offer a substantial ground for rejecting the addresses. None was attempted to be offered, even by those who clamoured them down; and, for his part he felt he was securing the liberties of his country in maintaining the present family in the succession to the throne. He would finally call upon them as men of Kent, zealous for the honour of their county, to pause well before they passed a judgment which he was confident would be condemned by every British heart. What had been the conduct of the Prince Regent in the transaction on which it was proposed to address him? Finding a man of honour, and to whom his daughter was attached, he had acceded to the feelings of her heart, regardless of territory or advantages, and acted as the kindest of parents. Did they wish to oppose such a character as Prince Leopold, beloved by every one else? He would desire the question to be again put, as he wished to see if they could conscientiously reject it, for if such a decision were to go out to the world, he was certain it must disgrace them with every British heart.

Sir Edward Knatchbull said, that, after the manly and constitutional speech of his colleague, he could only say that the line of conduct just recommended was the only one to be adopted by them.

Amidst an increase of confusion and calls, the three Addresses were then proposed together by the Sheriff, and lost, and no advocate for loyalty could succeed.

Sir Wm. Geary was desirous of submitting an alteration, although he was confident that the subject of the Addresses was one upon which there could be no objection, except a man were the enemy of his Country. He would propose to strike out the words "Meeting at Maidstone" (which alteration they themselves would regret at another time), then to let the Address be circulated widely, and signed by those who approved of the object of them—(Prodigious clamour with calling out "then it would be a secret Address.") Clamour should not prevent him from supporting what he conceived to be just; he was a sailor's son, and not easily to be shaken—Formerly he had appealed to the state of the poll and he would now appeal from the deliberating voice of that meeting, to the good sense of the Country. He should therefore move, that the Meeting do adjourn.—(Loud cries of no, no!—go on.)

The High Sheriff having consulted with the Noblemen and Gentlemen near him, declared the Meeting to be dissolved.

Those who really were competent to deliberate and vote, then adjourned to the Bell Inn, where Marquis Camden was called to the Chair, the High Sheriff not thinking it proper for himself to occupy that seat. After a variety of opinions here delivered in a desultory way, it was resolved, on the motion of Sir Wm. Geary, which was seconded by Sir Thomas Drake, that the Addresses should be transmitted for signatures to the principal towns in Kent, and returned through Mr. Scudamore, of Maidstone. Every one was confident of the result. Sir W. Geary said, he should feel it a particular duty to accompany the presentation of them.

Our readers know that the two Parliaments of Great Britain and Ireland are to be consolidated, and that in consequence the posts of Chancellor of the Irish Exchequer, five Lords, and the two Secretaries of the Irish Treasury are to be abolished. But it is proposed to appoint a Vice-Treasurer for Ireland, who is to have a Deputy; the salary of the former to be £500l. a year, and that of the Deputy £1000l. The duties of the former will be active during the recess, and during the sitting of Parliament his presence will be necessary to communicate local information with respect to the financial state of Ireland.

Junior United Service Club—The first General Meeting of the Junior United Service Club took place on Thursday the 20th June, at the British Coffee-house, when a most respectable assemblage of Officers, in all the various branches of service, attended. The rules and regulations for its future conduct were put and carried unanimously. A considerable portion of the Members afterwards partook together of the intended favours of the Club, and passed the evening with the utmost conviviality and harmony.—Among the usual toasts were given the following:—"The Duke of York and the Army;"—"The Duke of Clarence and the Navy;"—"The United Service Club;"—"The Junior United Service Club;"—"A perfect and Constitutional Union of the Junior Servants of their King and Country."

The extraordinary trial of a woman named Caroline Leruth, was decided on the 19th June last. She was charged with having stabbed the Sieur Delacourt with a sharp instrument, with an intention of putting him to death. This circumstance caused an uncommon sensation in Paris at the time. It appeared from the confession of the woman, as well as that of Delacourt himself, that this unfortunate man being tired of his life, met the woman in the garden of the Thuilleries, entered into conversation with her, took her to dine with him, accompanied her afterwards to her lodging, communicated to her his desperate intention of committing suicide, and offered her a large sum of money to kill him; she refused to perpetrate the horrid deed, although she was in great distress; he made her drink a quantity of wine, in order to deprive her of her senses, with the hope that while in a state of intoxication she might be prevailed on to do the act; he gave her his note for 1000 francs and his watch. He then took her along with him to the Boulevards, where she still persisted in refusing to put him to death. He then sat down by a tree, took hold of her hand, put a sharp knife into it, and forced her hand, together with the knife, against his belly, which the knife entered. There were the principle facts of the case. The Jury found Caroline Leruth guilty of having wounded Delacourt and sentenced her to ten years' solitary confinement. This woman has appealed for a revision of her sentence.

[PAGE 4]

FOR LIVERPOOL,

THE Ship BARTON, John Gillespie, Master, has commenced loading, and will sail out the 12th August. For freight apply to

July 30. HIGGINSON, DEANE, & STOTT.

FOR LIVERPOOL,

THE Brig ROBERT QUAY, W.G. Oldham, Master, will sail about the 25th August. For Freight or Passage apply to

Aug. 6. HIGGINSON, DEANE, & STOTT.

FOR NEW-YORK and NEW-LONDON,

The Ship LAFORLY, Edward Wills, Master, will sail early in August, and call to deliver Freight at Newfoundland if a sufficient quantity offers. For freight or passage apply to

July 20. HIGGINSON, DEANE, & STOTT

Who will be answerable for the proceeds of any Produce placed under their charge, and particularly obliged to their friends for their assistance to said Ship.—For the proceeds of such part of the Cargo as may be left at Newfoundland, they will engage, if required, for a Ship to call and bring the amount to this Island in Fish.

FOR LONDON,

THE Ship NELSON, Thomas Barton, Master, is ready to receive her cargo, and will sail on or before the first of August; for freight or passage apply to the Master,

CON. A. HOWELL & SON,
July 27. THOMAS LOUIS.

Who will be particularly obliged to the friends of Messrs. Daniel, and to Shippers generally, to expedite their shipment to this vessel, so as to enable her to sail at the time appointed. tf.

TO be Rented, from the 1st day of October next, the House and Stores now occupied by John George, Esq.—Apply to

Aug. 6—2a. J. MURRAY.

WANTED to purchase, 30 or 40 good NEGROES, in families. Any person having the whole or any part of the above number, will hear of a cash purchaser, by addressing a note "To G," and leaving it at the Mercury Office.—Price and description must be stated.

Aug. 6—2a.

TO RENT,

THE Place called HIGHGATE, lately tenanted by Dr. Renn Hampden. For particulars apply to Mrs. V. Crichlow;—who will sell the House in which she at present resides, situate in James-street.

Aug. 3—tf.

THE subscribers have just imported, which they offer for sale on reasonable terms, best London and Bristol porter, small beer, Taunton ale and cider, of excellent quality, in bottles, barrels of 3d. each; also choice Sicilian Madeira Wine in pipes, and a few cases of British Champagne.

Aug. 6—3n. GIEL & LOUIS.

N.B. London grey-stock bricks, and smiths' coals per bushel, at reduced prices.

THE subscriber begs leave to inform his Friends and the Public in general, that he intends carrying on the Auction and Commission Business, at his store in Broad-street, where all favours will be thankfully received;—and he hopes, by punctuality and assiduity, to merit a proportion of those favours which have been so liberally bestowed on others in that line of business.

Aug. 6—2n. HENRY FARLEY.

SUPERIOR FRENCH WINES.

THE subscriber has for sale, at his store in Broad-street, Haut Breton and Medoc Claret; Vin de Grave, Barsac, Sauterne, Roussillon, Muscat, Frontignac, white Burgundy, and Ratafia; Bordeaux Oil; also a few cases of Hollands Gin—all of which he warrants to be of the very best quality, and will be sold reasonable for cash only.

Aug. 6—1n. HENRY FARLEY.

MR. MARRYAT'S Pamphlets, his "Thoughts, &c." and "More Thoughts," in vindication of the Colonists against the Imputations of those who were Advocates for the Slave Registry bill, may be had of

Aug. 6. A. R. HOLLINGSWORTH.

AN elegant, new, and fashionable PHAETON, built according to order, with Harness for two horses, just landed, will be sold reasonably. Apply to

Aug. 6—4n. JOHN SULLIVAN.

THE Subscribers are landing a small Cargo of very superior quality 22 inch Cypress SHINGLES, which they offer for sale reasonably for cash.

Aug. 6—2n. E. BRYANT & Co.

NOW landing and for sale by the subscribers, a cargo of Newfoundland COD-FISH, in 8, 6, and 4-quintal casks, with a few tierces of Salmon and barrels of Herrings.

Also on sale, fresh superfine flour and crackers in barrels; pitch-pine lumber, consisting of 1 to 2 inch and 5½ to 4 inches boards, four-inch plank, joist and scantling, 22 inch cedar and cypress shingles, grey-stock bricks, pitch, tar, and oil.

July 9—tf SLOANES & BROWN.

NOTICE is hereby given, that I am ready to receive the Tax laid for the support of the Nightly Watch, viz. 3d. in the pound on all Owners of Houses, and 6d. in the pound on Trade upon which they are parochially taxed.

July 27. C. A. HOWELL, Treasurer.

MR. BLACKBURN offers for sale his HOUSE in Old Bridge-street, having a Store and every convenience for the residence of a family. Aug. 6—3n.

THE Members of the LIBRARY ASSOCIATION are requested to meet early on Wednesday the 14th day of August, at the Library, on which day a half-yearly subscription will become due. All Members having Books are requested to return them on Tuesday the 13th, that the state of the Library may be examined by the Committee, who will meet on that day.

Aug. 3. T. ORDERSON.

Dinner at Mason-hall on Wednesday, at half-past four o'clock.

CHOICE FRENCH WINES, &c.

THE Subscriber offers for sale an assortment of French Wines of the first quality, consisting of Claret, Sauterne, Vin de Grave, Barsac, Muscat, and Frontignac.

Also paints of various colours, paint oil, and brushes; and 22-inch Cypress Shingles.

July 30—4a. FINCH BOVELL.

FOR SALE,

About forty-two Acres of LAND, or thereabouts, in the Parish of St. Lucy, late the property of John Atwood. Terms of Payment will be made easy to an approved purchaser. For further particulars apply to T. Pierrepont, in Bridge-Town, or

JOHN GORING,
at Boarded-Hall.

FOR SALE,

PRIME mess beef in barrels, do. do. pork in barrels and half-barrels, candles, butter, &c.;—pitch-pine boards, joist, plank, and beams; 22-inch cypress shingles; oats in puncheons; choice old London particular Madeira wine in pipes and hhds.; and Verdil Madeira Wine in quarter casks and in ware in puncheons, &c.

The subscriber further acquaints his friends and the Public, that he has removed from Broad-street to the house of his Father, near Canary Corner, where he at present carries on the Watch and Clock-making Business as usual; and at the same time continues to deliver the Watches repaired by Samuel Evans, deceased, until the 1st January next; and those that are not called for on or before that day, will be sold to pay repairs, by order of the Executor, Mr. Isaac Giddens.

Aug. 3—4a. A. GITTENS.

TWO HOUSES in an eligible situation for business, and in every respect convenient for a private family or carrying on trade.—The advantages of the above Houses may be seen, and the terms of sale known, by application to the proprietors.

Aug. 3—4n. NICHOLL & NICHOLLS.

THE subscribers respectfully inform their Friends and the Public, that they have lately opened an assortment of—Plated, japan, and tin goods, Crockery, &c.; which (with the remainder of a former importation, consisting of various Cloths and Linens,) they are disposing of on the very cheapest terms, at their Store in Broad-street, immediately opposite the Treasurer's Office.—These Goods comprise, chiefly, a choice selection (too tedious to mention) of miscellaneous articles appertaining to domestic use, and worthy the attention of Housekeepers—particularly the Crockery consisting of complete sets of breakfast, dinner, and tea services, in fancy patterns.

July 27—4a. C. GREENIDGE & Co.

FOR SALE,

100 Cords FIRE-WOOD.

July 30—4a. T. & J. HUMPHREYS.

New superfine Richmond FLOUR for sale, by

MICHAEL JACKSON & Co.

Sail-makers and Ship Chandlers,

HAVE received by the Richard & Sibella, from London, a new and general assortment of articles in their line, comprising—anchors, cabooses; Charts of the West Indies, America, Para, Coast of Brazil, Bermuda, Trinidad, and Newfoundland; Journals, Epitomies, gunter's and parallel scales, log-paper, chips and reels, day and night telescopes, spy-glasses, brass and wood compasses; white lead, varnish, sulphur, red ochre, paint oil, spirits of turpentine; sheet lead; green and fancy table covers; watch and boat camlet; flannel and cloth coats, pea jackets, and a variety of slops; binnacle lamps, bushed blocks of all sizes; deep-sea, hand-lead, and fishing lines; carpenters' tools;—also, a select assortment of tin, iron, and copper ware.—On hand, cordage, canvas, tar, pitch, and turpentine; ash-oars, handspikes, &c.

At 12 and 5½, Pier-head, July 13—tf.

N.B.—Ensigns, Union-jacks, and Private Signals, correctly made on short notice.

LIST of DESERTERS from the 2d or Queen's Royal Regiment of Foot, St. Ann's Barracks, Barbados, 22d July, 1816:—

1. Chas Thompson—25 years of age, 5 ft. 9 in. high, dark complexion, dark eyes, black hair, stout person, square shoulders, large head, broad face, dark eyebrows, stout legs, large feet; born at Cork—deserted 5th June, 1816.

2. John Lindon—26 years of age, 5 ft. 11 in. high, dark complexion, dark eyes, black hair, slender person, narrow shoulders, small head, long face, dark eyebrows, slender legs, small feet; born at Deal, County of Kent—deserted 6th June, 1816.

3. Benjamin Smith—25 years of age, 5 ft. 7 in. high, dark complexion, dark eyes, dark hair, stout person, round shoulders, round head, broad face, dark eyebrows, stout legs, large feet; born at Monaghan—deserted 6th June, 1816.

4. Wm. Harrison—30 years of age, 5 ft. 6 in. high, dark complexion, grey eyes, light hair, slender person, narrow shoulders, small head, long face, light eyebrows, stout legs, small feet; born at Liverpool, Lancashire—deserted 6th June, 1816.

5. Wm. Smith—22 years of age, 5 ft. 7½ in. high, sallow complexion, hazle eyes, brown hair, stout person, round shoulders, round head, broad face, dark eyebrows, stout legs, large feet; born at Bedford, County of Bedford—deserted 6th June, 1816.

6. James Campbell—20 years of age, 5 ft. 6 in. high, dark complexion, hazle eyes, dark hair, stout person, square shoulders, long head, long face, dark eyebrows, stout legs, large feet; born at Antrim, County of do.—deserted 6th June, 1816.

7. John Sullivan—24 years of age, 5 ft. 6½ in. high, dark complexion, grey eyes, light hair, stout person, round shoulders, long head, long face, light eyebrows, stout legs, large feet; born at Cork—deserted 7th June, 1816.

8. Wm. Pitman—20 years of age, 5 ft. 2 in. high, fair complexion, grey eyes, light-brown hair, slender person, round shoulders, round head, light face, light eyebrows, small legs, small feet; born at Bath, County of Somerset—deserted the 7th June, 1816.

9. Wm. Gray—20 years of age, 5 ft. 4½ in. high, fresh complexion, blue eyes, dark hair, slender person, square shoulders, small head, round face, light eyebrows, small legs, broad feet; born at Northumberland—deserted 9th June, 1816.

10. James Hartness—31 years of age, 5 ft. 6½ in. high, dark complexion, grey eyes, dark hair, stout person, round shoulders, long head, long face, dark eyebrows, stout legs, large feet; born at Belfast, County of Down—deserted the 9th June, 1816.

11. Peter Wood—21 years of age, 5 ft. 6 in. high, dark complexion, hazle eyes, brown hair, stout person, round shoulders, large head, freckled face, brown eyebrows, stout legs, small feet; born at Legory, County of Armagh—deserted the 10th June, 1816.

12. James Walsh—22 years of age, 5 ft. 4½ in. high, fair complexion, hazle eyes, light hair, stout person, round shoulders, large head, round face, light eyebrows, stout legs, large feet; born at Cork—deserted 10th June, 1816.

13. Peter Morey—24 years of age, 5 ft. 5 in. high, dark complexion, hazle eyes, dark hair, stout person, square shoulders, round head, broad face, dark eyebrows, stout legs, small feet; born at Cork—deserted 10th June, 1816.

14. Thomas White—33 years of age, 5 ft. 4½ in. high, fresh complexion, grey eyes, black hair, stout person, square shoulders, large head, full face, dark eyebrows, stout legs, large feet; born at Luckmore, County of Tipperary—deserted 29th June, 1816.

15. John Watts—25 years of age, 5 ft. 7½ in. high, fresh complexion, grey eyes, dark brown hair, stout person, square shoulders, round head, round face, dark eyebrows, stout legs, small feet; born at Glenthorpe, County of Dublin—deserted 29th June, 1816.

16. John Saunders—22 years of age, 5 ft. 4½ in. high, sallow complexion, grey eyes, dark hair, slender person, narrow shoulders, long head, long face, light eyebrows, slender legs, small feet; born at St. Luke's, Dublin—deserted 29th June, 1816.

17. John Wheeler—26 years of age, 5 ft. 5 in. high, dark complexion, brown eyes, black hair, stout person, square shoulders, round head, round face, black eyebrows, stout legs, large feet; born at St. Catherine's, Dublin—deserted 5th July, 1816.

19. Thomas M'Carter—21 years of age, 5 ft. 6½ in. high, fresh complexion, grey eyes, brown hair, slender person, round shoulders, long head, long face, dark brown eyebrows, stout legs, large feet; born at Javine, County of Ayr—deserted 22d June, 1816.—Second time of desertion; formerly a sailor.

20. John Kelly—25 years of age, 5 ft. 8½ in. high, fresh complexion, grey eyes, light hair, slender person, round shoulders, long head, long face, sandy eyebrows, slender legs, proportioned feet; born at Claught, County of Wexford—deserted 18th July, 1816.

N.B. The above men were all formerly deserters from His Majesty's service, and were transferred to the Queen's Regiment (from the Isle of Wight) on its embarkation for this Country. Many of them have been originally at Sea.

Caution—To Ship-Owners and others.

The Captains of Vessels, and the Inhabitants of this Island in general, are cautioned against harbouring or concealing the above-described Deserters; or any Men offering themselves, of suspicious or doubtful appearance, without previously convincing themselves that they are not deserters. No expence will be spared in prosecuting, with the utmost rigour of the law, all persons who may hereafter be found concealing deserters, or not delivering them up, or tampering with them; and the party giving information that will lead to a conviction, will be liberally rewarded thereon.

Reward.—The Commanding Officer of the Queen's Regiment will order a Reward of One Pound to be paid for each Deserter from the Regiment that shall be apprehended, to the person or persons concerned in taking them, on their delivery at St. Ann's.

H.C. E. VERNON GRAHAM,
Lt.-Col. Commanding Queen's.

ALL persons having accounts against the Estate of Nicholas S. Callender, Esq. deceased, are requested to render the same, properly attested, to John S. Gaskin, Esq. Bridge-Town; or to

MARY J. CALLENDER,
Aug. 3. Qual. Exec.

Printed and published every Tuesday and Saturday by
WILLIAM WALKER & Co.

At Six Dollars per annum; and if sent to the neighbouring Islands, Eight Dollars;
PAYABLE IN ADVANCE.